Maps with names of the form "Scolnik_" were created by Pablo Scolnik
and his colleagues at the Du Pont experimental station in Wilmington,
Delaware (see Reiter et al. 1992 PNAS 89, 1477-1481). Their map
contains 252 random amplified polymorphic DNA markers (RAPDs), 60
RFLPs, and nine phenotypic ("classical") markers. The mapping was
carried out using a set of recombinant inbred lines that were
generated at Du Pont and which are now available from the Nottingham
and Ohio State stock centers. The maps presented in AAtDB were created
by transcribing information directly from figure 3 in the PNAS
publication.

Two maps are presented in the "Scolnik_" series. Maps designated
"Scolnik_3LOD_" contain a subset of 126 markers that were ordered with
a LOD score > 3. Although the positions of these markers are not known
with absolute certainty, error information was not included in the
publication. Thus the error associated with markers on this map is 0.
This map is referred to as the "core map" by the Du Pont group.

Maps designated "Scolnik_All_" include all the markers presented in the
publication, i.e., markers from the "core map" plus those which could
not be ordered unambigously relative to the core markers.  Unlike the
core markers, each ambiguous marker is associated with an uncertainty
value proportional to its distance (with orientation unspecified) from
one of the core markers.

You may wish to distinguish the core markers from the ambiguous
markers on the "Scolnik_All_" maps. To do this, try the following
query:

.       >?Locus Position_ambiguous

You can then use the "Highlight" button on the genetic map window
to identify the ambiguous markers on any of the "Scolnik_All_" maps.
