A Tenure-Track Position for a Plant Biologist 

The Division of Life Sciences, School of Life Sciences and Biotechnology 
at Korea University, Seoul, Republic of Korea, is looking for applicants 
for a tenure-track 12 month full-time Assistant, Associate, or Full 
Professor in the field of Plant Sciences. All areas of Plant Sciences 
are invited if the applicant has good teaching and research abilities. 
The position requires teaching 6 hours per week (undergraduate and/or 
graduate levels) each semester and doing quality researches on his (her) 
major fields of Plant Science. The successful candidate must be a 
non-Korean foreign national who is fluent in English. Responsibilities 
also include student advising and obtaining grants to support graduate 
students and the research program. Details of salary and fringe benefits 
are as follows: 1) The salary is commensurate with qualifications and 
experience starting from $55,000. 2) A research assistant will be 
assigned. 3) A free guest house on campus will be provided for 3 years 
and moving expenses will be supported. 4) A certain amount of start-up 
research fund will be awarded upon assignment. 5) Financial incentive 
for published papers in SCI journals with a leading authorship will be 
awarded. The deadline for the application via internet is October 24, 
2012. A complete position description with application procedures can be 
found at http://kuweb.korea.ac.kr/faculty 

For all inquiries contact the Divisional Head, Prof. Ki-Joong Kim at 
kimkj@korea.ac.kr 
