
*POSTDOCTORAL POSITION IN BIOINFORMATICS AND EVOLUTIONARY GENOMICS: 
Next generation sequencing and analysis of complex polyploid genomes:* 

The research group Genome Evolution and Speciation (Team "Mechanisms 
Generating Biodiversity" MOB, UMR CNRS 6553 Ecobio) at University of 
Rennes 1 (France) invites applications for a 18 month postdoctoral 
position in bioinformatics to work on the analysis of genome and 
transcriptome sequence data (generated using 454 Roche and Illumina 
technologies) in the context of allopolyploid speciation. Genomic 
redundancy is a characteristic of major plant lineages, and requires the 
development of adapted analytic strategies. In the present project, 
these analyses aim at exploring genome and transcriptome evolution 
following recent interspecific hybridization and genome duplication in 
highly polyploid (hexaploid and dodecaploid) /Spartina/ species invading 
coastal salt-marshes. The host laboratory (http://ecobio.univ-rennes1.fr 
<http://ecobio.univ-rennes1.fr/> ) has strengths in ecology, evolution, 
polyploid speciation, genome evolution and phylogeny. On-campus genomic 
and bioinformatic facilities are available at the Biogenouest plateforms 
(/e.g/. http://www.genouest.org/). 

Applicants must have a PhD in bioinformatics or genomics, excellent 
corresponding publication records, with strong proficiency in one or 
more programming languages, and preferably have experience with 
high-throughput genome and/or transcriptome data analyses. There is no 
citizenship requirement, and applications from abroad are encouraged 
(applicants should NOT have stayed in France for more than 6 months 
since 2010). 

Applications should be sent to malika.ainouche@univ-rennes1.fr 
<mailto:malika.ainouche@univ-rennes1.fr> . Please send a cover letter 
describing your research interests and experience, C.V. and contact 
information for two references. 