Post-doctoral Research Fellowship in Computational Systems Biology

A Post-doctoral Research Fellow is sought in the group of Reka Albert
at the Pennsylvania State University to work on Computational Systems
Biology related research problems.

The main focus of the postdoctoral fellow will be to develop graph
inference, network analysis and dynamic modeling methods for
reconstructing and modeling plant signal transduction networks from
partial and indirect knowledge. The successful candidate will join a
vibrant interdisciplinary group and will have the opportunity to
collaborate with the group of Prof. Sarah M. Assmann. More details of
the research can be found at http://www.phys.psu.edu/~ralbert/  see
especially S. Li, S. M. Assmann, R. Albert PLoS Biology 4 (10): e312,
2006.

Candidates  should have a Ph.D.  in the life sciences or a
quantitative science such as physics or mathematics. Candidates with a
life sciences background need to have expertise in computational
biology or bioinformatics, those with a quantitative background need
prior experience  in biology. Strong analytic skills, proficient
computer programming skills, and a track record of research
accomplishments are required.

Please send a CV including names of references, and a cover letter
describing your specific interests to Professor Reka Albert at
rza1@psu.edu The start date for this position is flexible. Evaluation
of the applications will start immediately and will continue until the
position is filled. Penn State is committed to affirmative action,
equal opportunity and the diversity of its workforce.


