UNIVERSITY OF GOTHENBURG 
DEPARTMENT OF PLANT AND ENVIRONMENTAL SCIENCES 
 
POST DOCTORAL POSITION IN PLANT CELL BIOLOGY IN THE FIELD OF LIPID SIGNALING 
 
A highly motivated post doc is sought for a one year position with 
possible extension for another year in the field of plant cell biology. 
The project deals with the function of lipid signaling in plant cells 
during recognition and defense against pathogens. Techniques employed 
will include reverse genetics, lipid biochemistry and fluorescence 
microscopy. Successful applicants should have a PhD in plant cell 
biology or a similar subject. Experience in lipid biochemistry and/or 
plant pathogen-interactions will be considered as strong merits. The 
tax-free stipend is for one year, with the possible extension for an 
additional year, and roughly corresponds to 2000 Euros (SEK 18,000) per 
month. Work-related insurance will be covered by the department. The 
successful applicant should be able to start no later than August 1, but 
an earlier start would be appreciated. 
 
 Application, CV, contact information and/or recommendations letters 
from two academic reference persons should be sent as a single pdf file 
to mats.andersson@dpes.gu.se <mailto:mats.andersson@dpes.gu.se> no later 
than March 1, 2009. For further information about the project or 
position, please contact Dr. Mats Andersson. 
 
 The Department of Plant and Environmental Sciences has 50+ faculty 
members and around 40 Ph D students involved in five research areas: 
applied environmental sciences, evolutionary botany, plant ecology and 
ecotoxicology, plant molecular biology, and plant physiology (presently 
merging with molecular biology).
