UNIVERSITY OF GOTHENBURG
DEPARTMENT OF PLANT AND ENVIRONMENTAL SCIENCES

POST DOCTORAL POSITION IN PLANT CELL BIOLOGY IN THE FIELD OF LIPID SIGNALING

A highly motivated post doc is sought for a one year position with possible
extension for another year in the field of plant cell biology. The project
deals with recognition and defense against non-host pathogens in
Arabidopsis. The project will explore the role of lipid signaling in defense
and genetic networks. Techniques employed will include reverse- and forward
genetics, lipid biochemistry and fluorescence microscopy. Successful
applicants should have a PhD in plant cell biology or a similar subject.
Experience in plant pathogen-interactions and/or lipid biochemistry will be
considered strong merits. The tax-free stipend is for one year, with the
possible extension for an additional year, and roughly corresponds to 2000
Euros (SEK 18000) per month. Work-related insurance will be covered by the
department. The successful applicant should be able to start no later than
August 1, but an earlier start is appreciated. The university can help with
accommodation in Gothenburg.

Application, CV, contact information and/or recommendations letters from two
academic reference persons should be sent as a single pdf file to
mats.andersson@dpes.gu.se no later than March 15, 2010. For further
information about the project or position, please contact Dr. Mats
Andersson.

The Department of Plant and Environmental Sciences has 50+ faculty members
and around 40 Ph D students involved in four research areas: applied
environmental sciences, evolutionary botany, plant ecology and ecotoxicology
and plant molecular biology. 
