The University of Edinburgh; Centre for Systems Biology at Edinburgh.
Positions detailed below, including 4 postdocs to work on the clock in 
Arabidopsis.
For further information and to apply: http://csbe.bio.ed.ac.uk 

The University of Edinburgh is proud to launch the Centre for Systems Biology at 
Edinburgh (CSBE), a unique opportunity presented by a £17M investment from 
BBSRC, EPSRC and the University. CSBE draws expertise from 11 internationally-
leading Systems Biology research groups to understand the general principles 
underlying dynamic biological processes, initially in the areas of RNA 
metabolism in yeast, circadian clocks in plants and interferon signalling in 
immunity. We now seek 18 outstanding individuals with a passion for 
interdisciplinary research, to integrate new biological data and mathematical 
models into large-scale informatics infrastructure, in the following roles: 

Centre Manager £41,544-£46,758 (Ref: 3007427NA) The Centre Manager has a 
strategic role in coordinating experimental with theoretical research; 
implementing long-term research and funding strategy; and managing outreach, 
knowledge transfer and commercialisation.
 
Project Manager for Theory £32,795-£39,160 (Ref: 3007435NA) This Project Manager 
will coordinate theoretical research across the CSBE labs, manage software 
development and informatics services. 

Project Manager for Experiments £32,795-£39,160 (Ref: 3007432NA) This Project 
Manager will coordinate experimental research across the CSBE labs, manage core 
experimental facilities and develop outreach activity. 

Senior Research Fellow £41,544-£46,758 (Ref: 3007438NA) The Research Fellow will 
guide the core experimental facility to measure kinetic parameter values, and 
establish an independent programme of technological research. An initial focus 
will be on mass spectroscopy. 

Research Technician £18,157-£21,050 (Ref: 3007437NA) The Technician will support 
quantitative, robotised molecular assays in the core experimental facility. 

Three Software Developers £26,666-£31,840 (Ref: 3007409NA) The Developers will 
implement a Systems Biology Software Infrastructure, linking experimental data 
repositories directly to models, model-building and analysis tools. 

Ten Post-Doctoral Research Associates £26,666-£31,840 (or exceptionally £32,795-
£39,160 for positions 3007425NA and 3007405NA) Protein mass spectroscopy for RNA 
metabolism in budding yeast (PI: J.Beggs/D.Tollervery; Ref: 3007430NA). 
Biochemistry and molecular genetics of the circadian clock in Arabidopsis (PI: 
A. Millar; 2 positions; Ref: 3007418NA). Mathematical modelling and analysis of 
rhythmic gene circuits (PI: A. Millar; 2 positions; Ref: 3007423NA.). Software 
tools for graphical design of biological models (PI: I. Goryanin; Ref: 
3007425NA). Mathematical analysis of high-dimensional dynamic networks using 
high-performance computing (PI: I. Goryanin; Ref: 3007405NA). Machine learning 
methods for network inference from molecular data (D. Husmeier; Ref: 3007407NA). 
Process algebra models of biochemical pathways and associated quantitative 
analysis with development of experimental software tools. (PI: J. Hillston; Ref: 
3007424NA). Petri-net based models and languages for s!
 ystems biology (PI: G. Plotkin; Ref: 3007439NA). 

For further information and to apply: http://csbe.bio.ed.ac.uk
CSBE is a Centre for Integrative Systems Biology supported by BBSRC and EPSRC.  
The University of Edinburgh Tel: +44 (0)131 650 2511 www.ed.ac.uk 

