Postdoctoral Position Arabidopsis RNA Biology 
 
A Postdoctoral position is available in the laboratory of Albrecht von Arnim 
in the Department of Biochemistry Cell & Molecular Biology at the University 
of Tennessee at Knoxville. The research will elaborate, by combining 
genome-scale analysis and molecular biochemistry, how gene regulation at the 
level of translation contributes to Arabidopsis growth and development. This 
is an open field with many fundamental questions remaining to be solved. 
Recent discoveries in the lab have been on the role of the eIF3 complex in 
supporting translation of regulatory mRNAs harboring upstream open reading 
frames. For related papers see Kim et al., Plant Cell 16, 3341-3356 (2004); 
Kim et al., Genome Biology 8: R60 (2007); Yahalom et al., Plant Journal 53: 
300-311 (2008); and Kim and von Arnim, Plant Journal 58:208-219 (2009). 
 
Applicants must have a PhD in plant molecular genetics or a related 
discipline, a solid record of productivity, and good communication skills. 
As evident from our publications, experience with Arabidopsis genetics, RNA 
biology, and bioinformatics are additional assets. Salary will be 
commensurate with experience. 
 
The application should be submitted as a single pdf file including: 
a) Curriculum vitae and list of publications. b) Cover letter outlining the 
significance of your previous research and how you might contribute to this 
project. c) Names and contact information of three references. Applications 
should be sent to vonarnim@utk.edu, preferably by August 31, 2009. 
 
For more orientation about the lab see http://www.bio.utk.edu/vonarnim/. 
Knoxville harbors the flagship campus of the UT system. Its residents (pop. 
380,000) enjoy living here and can take advantage of numerous cultural 
attractions and the surrounding natural beauty.
