*Plant Biology/Bioenergy Faculty Position* 

The Department of Biology, at The Pennsylvania State University invites 
applications for a tenure-track faculty position at the *Assistant or 
Associate Professor level in Plant Biology*, with research at the molecular, 
cellular, genetic or systems level relevant to plant-based bioenergy, 
including research on plant cell walls, control of carbon allocation, and 
other topics of basic plant biology connected with energy storage and 
utilization. PSU is a center for plant biology research, with an outstanding 
interdisciplinary plant biology graduate program ( 
http://www.huck.psu.edu/education/plant-biology) and excellent core 
facilities in bio-imaging, genomics, and proteomics. PSU is the lead 
institution for the Center for Lignocellulose Structure and Formation ( 
www.lignocellulose.org), a DOE-funded Energy Frontiers Research Center, and 
applications relevant to this center are encouraged. Candidates should have 
a strong record of research accomplishments, and a commitment to teaching. 
Email a letter of application, curriculum vitae, research prospectus, 
statement of teaching interests, and contact information of at least three 
references, all as a single PDF document, to* plantenergy106@bio.psu.edu*. 
Publications and manuscripts (not more than three) may also be submitted as 
separate PDF documents along with the application. Review of applications 
will begin 1 October, 2010. 

Penn State is committed to affirmative action, equal opportunity and the 
diversity of its workforce. 

