Postdoctoral Scholar Position in Phloem Transport and Source / Sink 
Metabolism 

A position for a postdoctoral research scholar is available 
immediately to study phloem transport in relation to metabolism 
in source and sink organs and overall plant productivity. To 
judiciously engineer increased yield of crop plants, a better 
understanding of the regulation and efficiency of sugar 
transport throughout the plant is required. Up-regulation of 
proton-pumping pyrophosphatases (H+-PPases) results in enhanced 
root and shoot growth and increased photosynthetic output. An 
ongoing collaboration between researchers at the University of 
North Texas and Arizona State University has received funding 
through the National Science Foundation to study how H+-PPases 
regulate the efficiency of carbon utilization and transport in 
planta, using a combination of genetic, metabolomic, molecular 
biological, and ultra-structural approaches (NSF award 1121819 
and 1122148; see also Plant Physiol. doi:10.1104/pp.112.195701). 
The position advertised here emphasizes physiological and 
metabolite analysis at UNT, which has recently established a 
state-of-the-art metabolomics facility. A PhD and demonstrated 
productivity in plant physiology, molecular biology and 
biochemistry will be required of the successful applicant. 
Experience in metabolite analysis is highly desired. Excellent 
oral and written communication skills and strong laboratory 
citizenship are essential. 

All applicants must apply online at http://facultyjobs.unt.edu. 
Interested individuals should contact Dr. Brian Ayre, 
bgayre@unt.edu<mailto:bgayre@unt.edu>, for more information on the project. 

The University of North Texas is an EOE/ADA/AA institution 
committed to diversity in its educational and employment 
programs, thereby creating a welcoming environment for everyone. 