Post-Doc and PhD student position in Plant Epigenetics 

University of Potsdam, Germany 

A postdoctoral position or a PhD studentship are available at the University 
of Potsdam to study the adaptation of plants to abiotic stress and the role 
of epigenetic mechanisms in this process. 

Using genetic and molecular tools we study the long-term adaptation of 
plants to abiotic stress and the roles of epigenetic and chromatin 
regulation in this process (see also: 
http://www.uni-potsdam.de/de/ibb/arbeitsgruppen/nachwuchsgruppen/baeurle.htm 
l). The positions are funded by a Sofja-Kovalevskaja-Award 
(Alexander-von-Humboldt-Foundation). 

In a genetic screen we have isolated several Arabidopsis thaliana mutants 
with a modified heat stress memory. The successful candidate will analyze 
those mutants and functionally characterize the corresponding gene products 
and their role in the heat stress memory using genetics, molecular biology 
and biochemistry techniques. 

For the PhD position, the successful candidate holds a Master's degree in 
Biology or a related discipline. Experience in working with plants is 
advantageous but not necessary. For the postdoctoral position, the 
successful candidate holds a PhD in genetics or molecular biology and is 
expected to have a proven track record in plant genetics, molecular biology 
or biochemistry. Experience in plant genetics is essential. For both 
positions a strong interest in the research question, flexibility, good 
communication skills, and the ability to work both independently and in a 
team are required. The working language of the laboratory is English. 

Please send your application including Curriculum Vitae, a copy of your 
master thesis certificate or equivalent, a letter detailing your motivation 
to apply for this position, and contact information for two referees to 
Prof. Isabel BŠurle (isabel.baeurle@uni-potsdam.de). Applications will be 
accepted until the position is filled. 