Multiple Ph.D. student positions

Multiple Ph.D. student fellowships are available in the research groups 
of Dr. Dmitry Belostotsky and Dr. Julia Chekanova at the University of 
Missouri (Kansas City). Successful applicants will work in a research 
team studying:

1) posttranscriptional control of gene expression and its relationship 
with reproductive development in Arabidopsis
2) mRNA processing and control of mRNA release from the site of 
transcription in yeast

See our recent publications for further information: Trends in Plant 
Science, 10: 347-353, 2005; Molecular Cell, 16:498-500, 2004; RNA, 
10:1200-1214, 2004; Genetics, 163:311-319, 2003; RNA, 9:1476-1490, 2003; 
Current Biology, 11:1207-1214, 2001 and/or have a look at our current 
webpage www.albany.edu/faculty/dab/research.html

Successful candidates will have a B.S. or masters (or equivalent) in 
molecular biology, biochemistry, cell biology, genetics or plant 
physiology, and a solid background in basic molecular biology and 
genetic techniques. Experience in bioinformatics is a plus. These 
positions are open from January 2007.

Kansas City is a major cosmopolitan center featuring dynamic cultural 
environment, vibrant music scene, and exciting opportunities for 
year-round recreational activities. UMKC School of Biological Sciences 
is located next to the Stowers Institute, offering ample opportunities 
for collaboration.

Applications, including CV, a brief statement of research experience and 
interests as well as contact information of two referees, should be 
submitted by EMAIL ONLY to Dr. Dmitry Belostotsky (dab [at] albany.edu)

All graduate students must enter through a UMKC graduate program 
admission process which is described in detail in the Graduate Student 
Handbook that can be downloaded as a pdf file from the 
sbs.umkc.edu/programs/graduate/resources.html website

Qualifications for admission as a M.S. or Ph.D. student: an 
undergraduate degree in biology, chemistry, physics or related 
discipline, and a 3.0 grade point average (3.2+ expected), 3 letters of 
recommendation from those familiar with the student's academic and 
intellectual capabilities, a minimum GRE Aptitude Test score of 1500 
(213 computer score) is necessary, (1800+, or 250+ computer score, 
expected; this refers to combined raw scores: verbal + analytical + 
quantitative; subject test is not required). Tests should be taken as 
early as possible so that the results will be available by February 15 
of the year of anticipated matriculation.

International applicants whose native language is not English must pass 
the TOEFL examination with a minimum score of 550 (600+ preferred). For 
all international students, a score of 4.0 on the Test of Written 
English (TWE) of TOEFL is required

Financial support: all Ph.D. candidates accepted to UMKC graduate 
programs are provided financial support. Some stipends may be available 
for M.S. candidates on a competitive basis for full-time graduate 
students. Assistantships for doctoral students provide a yearly stipend 
of $22,000 -- plus tuition remissions and fee waivers for a total 
financial equivalent of approximately $34,000.

-- 

Dmitry A. Belostotsky, Ph.D.

Associate Professor


Department of Biological Sciences

State University of New York at Albany

1400 Washington Ave., Albany, NY 12222


Phone and FAX    (518) 442 4368

E-mail                    dab@albany.edu

Homepage            http://www.albany.edu/faculty/dab/



_______________________________________________
Arab-gen mailing list
Arab-gen@net.bio.net
http://www.bio.net/biomail/listinfo/arab-gen
