As seen in the 10 November issue of Science:

TENURE TRACK FACULTY POSITIONS
Cell Biology and Biophysics

The Division of Cell Biology and Biophysics in the School of Biological Sciences 
at the University of Missouri-Kansas City is expanding its ongoing faculty 
search to include all faculty ranks and all areas of the School's research 
emphases, including microbial genetics, molecular/cell biology and 
biochemistry/biophysics. Appointments will be considered at the ranks of 
ASSISTANT, ASSOCIATE and FULL PROFESSOR, commensurate with applicant experience 
and accomplishments. Successful candidates will be expected to maintain an 
extramurally funded research program and contribute to the teaching mission of 
the School in one or more of the following areas: microbiology, molecular 
biology, cell biology, biochemistry, biophysics. We seek outstanding scholars 
with demonstrable achievements in research, teaching experience in an English-
language institution, and exemplary communication and supervisory skills. The 
UMKC School of Biological Sciences offers competitive salaries and start-up 
funds as well as appropriate laboratory space in the Biological Sciences 
Building, which houses all School faculty and core facilities 
http://sbs.umkc.edu/facilities/index.html 
<http://sbs.umkc.edu/facilities/index.html>). Applications - including a 
curriculum vitae, reprints of publications, summary of present and future 
research plans and three letters of recommendation (to be solicited by the 
applicant) - should be forwarded to: CBB Search Committee, Division of Cell 
Biology and Biophysics - BSB 403, University of Missouri-Kansas City, 5100 
Rockhill Road, Kansas City, MO 64110-2499. Review of applications is ongoing and 
will continue until the positions are filled. EO/AA Employer

-- 

Dmitry A. Belostotsky, Ph.D.

Associate Professor


Department of Biological Sciences

State University of New York at Albany

1400 Washington Ave., Albany, NY 12222


Phone and FAX    (518) 442 4368

E-mail                    dab@albany.edu

Homepage            http://www.albany.edu/faculty/dab/


   NEW ADDRESS IN 2007:

   School of Biological Sciences
   University of Missouri - Kansas City
   Kansas City MO 64110
