Postdoctoral Fellow 
Position number: PB-S095-440 
 
The Samuel Roberts Noble Foundation is seeking a postdoctoral fellow in 
the laboratory of Dr. Elison Blancaflor beginning in June, 2008 to work 
on characterizing the role of the N-acylethanolamine (NAE) group of 
lipid mediators in plant development and response to environmental 
stimuli. Studies will focus on Arabidopsis mutants in genes that encode 
fatty acid amide hydrolases (FAAH), the enzymes that breakdown NAEs. 
This project which is funded by the Department of Energy (DOE) 
Biosciences program will be conducted in collaboration with the group of 
Dr. Kent Chapman at the University of North Texas. This project is 
funded annually with extensions up to a total of three years contingent 
on performance and continued funding by the DOE. For more information 
please see our publications related to this project Blancaflor et al. 
(2003) Planta 217: 206-217; Wang et al (2006) PNAS 103: 12197-12202; 
Teaster et al. (2007) Plant Cell 19:2454-2469. A Ph.D. in Plant Biology 
or Cell/Molecular Biology is required. The Samuel Roberts Noble 
Foundation has state-of-the-art research, greenhouse facilities, modern 
laboratory and office areas and excellent benefits. 
 
Application Instructions: Applicants are requested to apply online by 
completing the application and submitting a resume, copy (s) of college 
transcripts, contact information for three references (excluding 
relatives), and a cover letter explaining interest in the position and 
career goals. If applicant does not have the ability to upload the 
additional documents they can be faxed to (580) 224-6240 (please include 
position number), but the application should be completed and submitted 
online. Applications will be accepted until a candidate is hired. 
Interested applicants should apply immediately. 
 
The Samuel Roberts Noble Foundation, Inc. 
Human Resources Department 
Position Number: PB-S095-440 
P.O. Box 2180 
Ardmore, OK 73402 
Website: http://www.noble.org/ 
 
The Samuel Roberts Noble Foundation, Inc., is an Equal Opportunity 
Employer and will consider all qualified applicants for employment, 
regardless of their race, color, creed, gender, national origin, age, 
disability, or veteran status.
