DOCTORAL RESEARCH FELLOW POSITION (PhD-stipendiat) is available at the
DEPARTMENT OF MOLECULAR BIOSCIENCES, Faculty of Mathematics and Natural
Sciences, University of Oslo

The position is available for a period of three years
Project start date: as soon as possible

The position is associated to the research project Epigenetic gene
regulation: The 'conspiracy' between chromatin modification and
transcription factors funded by the Functional Genomics Programme (FUGE)
of the Research Council of Norway.

The organization of DNA into higher order chromatin structure is crucial
for the correct temporal and spatial regulation of gene expression.
Post-translational modifications of the histones influence chromatin
structure (cfr. the histone code). The aim of this project is to shed
light on the role of methylation of histone tails, which is conducted by
SET-domain proteins that act as histone methyltransferases in epigenetic
regulation of differential gene expression. The project will provide
insight in the biochemical and biological function of selected
SET-domain proteins, and more specifically link these proteins to target
genes that they regulate, either on their own, via DNA methylation, or
via protein complexes, including complexes with transcription factors.
Arabidopsis thaliana, a plant with exquisite tools for functional
genomics and epigenomics, will be used as model organism.

The project is a collaboration between Prof. Reidunn B. Aalen at the
Department of Molecular Biosciences, University of Oslo
(http://www.imbv.uio.no/gen/db03-ansatte/internet/html/nr000070.html)
and Prof. Rein Aasland at the Department of Molecular Biology,
University of Bergen (http://www.uib.no/mbi/research/aasland.html). Two
post.doc.s, another PhD student and Masters students will be involved in
different aspects of this project (biochemistry, molecular genetics,
bioinformatics, and structural biology) in addition to the PhD-student
of the announced position. We collaborate with several research
laboratories in Europe, and the offered the PhD positioned is expected
to have research stays in collaborating labs.

The position requires a Master degree or similar within molecular
biology, cell biology, biotechnology, or biochemistry. The applicant
must be qualified for the doctoral program within these disciplines.
Experience with expression of recombinant proteins, protein-protein
interactions, methods relevant for investigations of chromatin and or
Arabidopsis research, is an advantage, but not a requirement.

The letter of application should include a curriculum vitae with a list
of published and unpublished works with a statement summarizing the
applicant’s scientific work and interests, certified copies of
certificates, and copies of co-authored publications.

The purpose of the fellowship is research training leading to the
successful completion of a PhD degree. The fellowship requires admission
to the research training programme at the Faculty of Mathematics and
Natural Sciences. Firstly, the applicants must have obtained
undergraduate (Cand.mag. or B.Sc.) and postgraduate (Cand.scient.,
Siv.ing. or M.Sc.) qualifications. This represents approximately five
years of full time studies after completion of European Upper Secondary
School/International Baccalaureate. For more information see:
http://www.matnat.uio.no/english/research/research_edu/education.html

Appointment to a research fellowship is conditional upon admission to
the Faculty's research training programme. An approved plan for the
research training must be submitted no later than one month after taking
up the position, and the admission approved within three months.

See the following URL for further details and guidelines for appointment
to research fellowships at the University of Oslo:
http://www.uio.no/admhb/reglhb/personal/tilsettingvitenskapelig/guidelinesresear
chfellowship.xml

The University of Oslo (UiO) wishes to achieve a more equal distribution
of scientific employees between the sexes. Female applicants are
encouraged to apply.

UiO has an agreement for all employers, aiming to secure rights to
research results a.o.

________________________________________________________________________________
_____

For further information please contact:
professor Reidunn B. Aalen, phone:  + 47 22 857297
e-mail: reidunn.aalen@imbv.uio.no

Pay grade: 43-48    (depending on qualifications)

The position is available for a period of three years.

Deadline for application: October 22, 2007

REF. NO.:   07/11178

Application should submit a letter of application, CV, a list of
published and unpublished works and three copies of published papers.
Three sets of certified copies of certificates should also be submitted.

Applications should be sent to: Faculty of Mathematics and Natural
Sciences, attn. Senior Executive Officer Bente Schjoldager, P. O. Box
1032 Blindern, N-0315 Oslo, Norway

Application papers will not be returned with exception of original
publications.

