PhD research fellow University of Oslo

A four year Position as PhD Research fellow at the Department of Molecular 
Biosciences, University of Oslo (http://www.imbv.uio.no/)is available. 

The fellowship is for a period of up to 4 years, with 25 % compulsory work. 
Starting date no later than 01.10.2011. 

The project focuses on molecular mechanisms of cell-to-cell communication 
through peptide ligand-receptor signaling in developmental processes. During 
growth and development cells in multicellular organisms can communicate by 
secreting ligands that bind to membrane-bound receptors of neighbouring 
cells. The model plant Arabidopsis thaliana has more than 400 such 
receptors, but only eight ligand-receptor pairs have so far been identified 
(Butenko et al., Trends Plant Sci, 2009). One of these is the small peptide 
INFLORESCENCE DEFICIENT IN ABSCISSION (IDA), which signals through the 
receptors HAESA (HAE) and HEASA-LIKE 2 (HSL2) (Stenvik et al., Plant Cell, 
2008). Mutations in the IDA gene result in plants without normal floral 
organ loss (abscission). Gene expression patterns indicate that members of 
the gene family encoding IDA-LIKE (IDL) genes (IDL1-5) are involved in other 
developmental processes spanning from root architecture to reproduction. 

The PhD project is part of the Aalen lab's effort to identify novel 
ligand-receptor pairs, and to decipher the signaling pathway(s) from the 
IDA/IDL ligands, via their receptors and MAP kinase cascade to the 
transcription factors controlling the genes involved in the respective 
developmental processes. The Aalen lab collaborate with Norwegian groups 
(Dr. Paul Grini, University of Oslo; Professor Atle Bones, Norwegian 
University of Science and Technology) as well as research groups in 
Nottingham (UK), TÃ¼bingen (Germany), and USA. Research visits to 
collaborating partners may be an opportunity for the PhD-student. 

Requirements/qualifications: 

Applicants must hold a Master's degree or equivalent in molecular biology, 
molecular genetics or biochemistry. The applicant must be qualified for the 
doctoral program within these disciplines. The successful applicant should 
have skills and experience in one or more of the following areas: DNA/RNA 
methods, including cloning and recombinant DNA technology; genetic methods 
in Arabidopsis thaliana, e.g. using T-DNA insertion, RNAi and/or reporter 
lines; imaging techniques, especially confocal microscopy; and/or protein 
techniques relevant to ligand-receptor interaction studies. 

Application deadline: 

April 15th. 2011 

For further details please see: 
http://uio.easycruit.com/vacancy/529637/64279?iso=no 

All applications need to be submitted electronically, see: 

https://uio.easycruit.com/vacancy/application/84c2513675bbf2fd7c2572c127bff54f/529637/64279?iso=gb 

For inquiries contact Reidunn Aalen: reidunn.aalen@imbv.uio.no 
or Melinka Butenko: m.a.butenko@imbv.uio.no 
