The Department of Biochemistry at Purdue University, West Lafayette, 
Indiana invites applications for a tenure track faculty position at the 
Assistant or Associate Professor level. The search will be focused on 
identifying researchers addressing critical questions in mechanistic 
protein biochemistry including, but not limited to, protein 
structure/function relationships and metabolic pathway analysis in plants, 
microorganisms, or animals. Applicants whose research is enabled by 
interdisciplinary approaches such as genomics and bioinformatics, single 
molecule analyses, synthetic biology or chemical biology will be of 
particular interest. The successful candidate will be expected to develop 
an internationally-recognized research program, interact with diverse 
faculty, staff and students across campus, demonstrate excellence in 
teaching and function as an active member of the department and university 
faculty. **** 

** ** 

The Department of Biochemistry is a small, interactive, and collegial 
community of researchers that contributes significantly to the vibrant life 
science community of Purdue University. Our faculty participate in 
interdisciplinary programs in plant biology, genetics, bioinformatics, 
cancer, neuroscience, and biophysics. Support facilities are available for 
genomic analysis, metabolomics, protein mass spectrometry, NMR, X-ray 
crystallography, microscopy, and transgenic animal research. For more 
information see *www.biochem.purdue.edu* <http://www.biochem.purdue.edu/>. * 
*** 

** ** 

Applicants for assistant professor should have a Ph.D. or equivalent degree 
in biochemistry, biophysics, computational biology or a related field and 
at least two years of post-doctoral experience. Successful candidates 
should have a strong publication record, the potential to develop a 
vigorous, extramurally-funded research program, and a commitment to 
research and teaching excellence. Candidates at the associate professor 
level must have a track record of academic achievement and external funding 
in addition to the above. Applications should include a cover letter, 
curriculum vitae, two-page summary of research interests, one-page teaching 
statement and the names and contact information of three references. 
Applications should be submitted electronically to * 
biochem-search@purdue.edu* <biochem-search@purdue.edu>. **** 

Screening of applications will begin October 8, 2012 and will continue 
until the position is filled. A background check will be required for 
employment in this position.**** 

** ** 

*Purdue University is an Equal Opportunity/Equal Access/Affirmative Action 
Employer fully committed to achieving a diverse workforce.***** 

