Boyce Thompson Institute for Plant Research at Cornell University 

BTI, an independent not-for-profit research institute affiliated with 
Cornell University, invites applications for a tenure-track faculty position 
at the Assistant level. We seek candidates whose research addresses 
fundamental questions in plant biology and is synergistic with current 
research at BTI and Cornell University. Particular areas of interest 
include, but are not limited to, structural biology, plant biochemistry, 
evolutionary genomics and plant-microbe symbioses. 

BTI is located on the Cornell University campus in Ithaca, a culturally 
diverse and vibrant town in the Finger Lakes region of New York. Our faculty 
members have access to state-of-the-art mass spectrometry, cell imaging, and 
plant growth facilities at BTI (http://bti.cornell.edu), as well as 
extensive life sciences facilities through the Cornell University Life 
Sciences Core Laboratories Center (http://www.brc.cornell.edu). The 
successful candidate is expected to establish an outstanding extramurally 
funded research program and is encouraged to develop links to relevant 
departments at Cornell University. 

Applicants should submit a cover letter, detailed curriculum vitae, the 
names of three references and a statement of research interests (2-3 pages) 
to Maria J. Harrison, Chair, BTI Faculty Search Committee, Boyce Thompson 
Institute, Tower Road, Ithaca, New York 14853. 
Email: BTI_Faculty_Search@cornell.edu. Review of applications will begin 
November 1, 2010. Additional information about BTI can be obtained at 
http://bti.cornell.edu. 

Boyce Thompson Institute is an affirmative action, equal opportunity 
employer and is committed to increasing the diversity of its faculty and 
staff. Applications from women and minorities are encouraged. 

