Two Postdoctoral Positions Available in Arabidopsis Receptor Kinase 
Biochemistry and Proteomics at North Carolina State University 

These positions will provide an opportunity to join an ongoing NSF 
funded Arabidopsis 2010 project that employs biochemistry, molecular 
biology, proteomics and genomics to study interacting proteins and 
site-specific phosphorylation in the large family of Leucine-Rich 
Repeat Receptor-Like Kinases (LRR RLKs) regulating plant growth and 
responses to the environment (http://www4.ncsu.edu/~sclouse/Clouse2010.htm 
). Specifically, the successful candidates will utilize label-free 
quantification methods and multidimensional liquid chromatography and 
tandem mass spectrometry (LC/MS/MS) analysis to generate an extensive 
network of LRR RLK interacting proteins that will help clarify 
receptor kinase function in a range of physiological responses. The 
molecular mechanisms of protein-protein interactions and the 
functional significance of selected phosphorylation sites will also be 
assessed using genetic and biochemical approaches. Minimum 
requirements include a Ph.D. in biochemistry, genetics, molecular 
biology or plant physiology, and experience with recombinant DNA 
techniques and protein biochemistry. Expertise in areas of protein 
purification, kinase biochemistry, mass spectrometry, vector 
construction, and Arabidopsis growth and transformation are 
particularly relevant. 

  Applicants should submit letter of interest and qualifications, 
curriculum vitae, list of publications, and the names and e-mail 
addresses of three references on-line at https://jobs.ncsu.edu for 
position numbers 100354 and/or 65051. For more information contact Dr. 
Steve Clouse (steve_clouse@ncsu.edu). 
