

Postdoctoral Position: Regulation of Meiotic Recombination

   University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill

   

   A postdoctoral positions is open in the fall in the lab of Dr.
Gregory Copenhaver (http://www.bio.unc.edu/faculty/copenhaver/lab/
<http://www.bio.unc.edu/faculty/copenhaver/lab/> ) in the Department of
Biology (http://www.bio.unc.edu/ <http://www.bio.unc.edu/> ) at The
University of North Carolina (http://www.unc.edu/ <http://www.unc.edu/>
) in beautiful Chapel Hill.  The long-term goal of the project is to
understand how meiotic recombination is regulated in higher eukaryotes
with an emphasis on the molecular basis of crossover interference.
Meiotic recombination results in the heritable rearrangement of DNA,
primarily through reciprocal exchange between homologous chromosome or
gene conversion.  In plants these events are critical for ensuring
proper chromosome segregation, facilitating DNA repair and providing a
basis for genetic diversity.  We have developed as a facile system for
visually assaying recombination using tetrad analysis in Arabidopsis.
The specific goals of the project will be to i) use this system to
characterize mutants in several known recombination genes ii) execute
novel genetic screens for genes that regulate meiotic recombination and
iii) use our visual assay to characterize gene conversion in
Arabidopsis.  This work builds on our labs previous accomplishments
including: i) Lam et al. (2005) Crossover interference on the NOR
bearing chromosomes of Arabidopsis. Genetics 170: 807-812, ii) Stahl et
al. (2004) Does Crossover Interference Count in Saccharomyces
cerevisiae? Genetics 168: 35-48, and iii) Copenhaver et al. (2002)
Crossover Interference in Arabidopsis.  Genetics 160: 1631-1639.  The
successful applicant will have a strong background in molecular biology
(plant-specific background not required) and will have the opportunity
to gain experience in forward and reverse genetics, microscopy and
statistical analysis.  The regulation of meiotic recombination efforts
are an ongoing project in the lab supported by the US Department of
Energy.  The gene conversion effort is a new project supported by the
National Science Foundation and is being done in collaboration with Drs.
Jeff Sekelsky (Drosophila meiosis) and Corbin Jones (population
geneticist).  Applicants should submit a CV, a short description of
research experience and three references (including phone and email
addresses) by email to Dr. Gregory Copenhaver (gcopenhaver@bio.unc.edu).

 
Dr. Gregory P. Copenhaver
Assistant Professor
The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
Dept. of Biology & Carolina Center for Genome Sciences
Campus Box 3280
Chapel Hill, North Carolina 27599
 
Phone: 919-843-4026
FAX:    919-962-1625
 
