*PHD, MSC and POSTDOCTORAL positions in Plant Stress Biology; University 
College Dublin, Ireland** * 

Cereals crops represent the most important food source for humans and 
animals and are a growing source of biofuels. The next 50 years will 
present new challenges for cereal production. These challenges include 
the doubling of the world population, the increased use of land for the 
cultivation of biofuel crops, increases in both temperature and drought 
(climate change), and the increasing need for new methods for plant 
nutrition and disease control, driven by negative environmental impacts 
of fertilisers and pesticides. In light of these challenges, this 
project focuses on unravelling novel mechanisms involved in wheat 
response to stress and delivering knowledge and tools that can be used 
to improve crop and plant cell productivity. Consequently, it will 
contribute to our understanding of basic plant biology, and to the 
development of competitive and sustainable means for enhancing the 
productivity of food, feed, biofuel and plant cell cultures (biopharming). 

Fusarium fungi that attack wheat can produce a mycotoxin, deoxynivalenol 
(DON), that acts as a disease virulence factors, facilitating Fusarium 
parasitism of wheat. DON is a protein synthesis inhibitor, and causes 
cell death in eukaryotes. The wheat genome has co-evolved with the 
Fusarium pathogen and its toxic metabolites. We have identified a range 
of wheat genes that are DON responsive and, in exotic wheat germplasm, 
most are associated with the phenotypic resistance to DON-induced 
bleaching and are located within a chromosomal locus that confers 
resistance to both DON and Fusarium pathogens. Three of these genes have 
been shown to directly contribute to the DON resistance of such wheat 
germplasm (VIGS analysis). One is a novel, evolutionary divergent gene. 
These and other DON-resistance associated genes, offer potential for 
enhancing eukaryotic stress tolerance. Using a combination of gene 
overexpression/silencing studies and a range of analytical and molecular 
techniques, we now want to determine whether the encoded proteins can 
enhance biotic and abiotic stress tolerance in whole plants (wheat) and 
plant cell cultures (tobacco, Arabidopsis). Additionally, we want to 
characterise novel genes and associated pathways that enhance plant 
stress resistance. 

This proposal draws on the complimentary expertise of an international 
team of scientists in order to deliver on its objectives. 

* * 

*WE NOW WISH TO APPOINT A TEAM OF FOUR SCIENTISTS TO THIS PROJECT, 
INCLUDING * 

    * *A postdoctoral scientist; this will be advertised SEPARATELY IN 
      THE NEAR FUTURE - please check UCD HR website* 
    * *Two PhD students* 
    * *An MSc student* 

* * 

*The postdoctoral scientist will focus on several (three) 
toxin-responsive genes and will oversee and conduct research in order to * 

    * *Analyse the effect of gene silencing/overexpression on wheat 
      yield, heat tolerance, pathogen resistance and herbicide tolerance* 
    * *Determine the effect of these genes on plant programmed cell death* 
    * *Determine the identity of wheat proteins that interact with one 
      novel toxin-responsive wheat protein* 
    * *Analyse the importance of putative motifs within one novel 
      toxin-responsive protein in protein-protein interactions and the 
      activity of interacting proteins* 
    * *Localise (at the cellular and tissue level) the encoded proteins* 
    * *Determine the substrate specificity and function of these genes* 

*Salary - 38,000 euro in year 1, increasing annually; appointment for 2 
years, with a possibility of extending for an additional 2 years. 
* 

* * 

*_Minimum requirements for the postdoctoral scientist:_* 

- *A PhD in plant science from an internationally reputable institution 
(completed)* 

- *A BSc (2:1 or higher) in botany/plant 
science/microbiology/biochemistry/molecular biology/crop science from an 
internationally reputable institution (completed)* 

- *Experience of plant (preferably monocot) transformation* 

- *Extensive molecular biology expertise, including vector construction, 
RNA/DNA analysis, etc.* 

- *Experience of confocal microscopy* 

- *Major author of a minimum of three publications in international 
peer-reviewed journals, or equivalent* 

* * 

*_Desirable requirements for the postdoctoral scientist:_* 

- *Experience of protein science* 

- *Plant pathology expertise* 

- *Cell biology expertise* 

- *Experience of student supervision, project report writing* 

- * * 

* * 

* * 

* * 

*PhD student 1 will focus on **toxin-responsive genes and conduct 
research in order to * 

- *Analyse the effect of gene silencing/overexpression on wheat yield, 
heat tolerance, pathogen resistance and herbicide tolerance (four genes)* 

- *Characterise the promoter region of one novel toxin-responsive gene 
and analyse the regulation of this gene and genes that encode 
interacting proteins* 

- *Determine the substrate specificity and function of one select stress 
resistance-associated gene* 

* * 

*PhD student 2 will focus on **toxin-responsive genes and conduct 
research in order to * 

- *Determine the effect of several select DON resistance-associated 
genes on plant programmed cell death* 

- *Localise (at the cellular and tissue level) the proteins encoded by 
three toxin-responsive genes* 

- *Determine the substrate specificity and function of a select stress 
resistance-associated gene 
* 

PHD postions will be for a period of four years. Students will complete 
taught courses, in addition to their research activities. They will 
receive an annual stipend of approx. 18000 euro and additionally, fees 
will be paid (5500 euros per annum). 

*/ /* 

*_Minimum requirements for the PhD students:_* 

* * 

- *A BSc (2:1 or higher) in botany/plant 
science/microbiology/biochemistry/molecular biology/crop science from an 
internationally reputable institution (completed)* 

- *Substantial molecular biology expertise, including vector 
construction, RNA/DNA analysis, etc.* 

- *Plant biology experience - practical and theoretical* 

* * 

*_Desirable requirements for the PhD students:_* 

- *A MSc (2:1 or higher) in botany/plant 
science/microbiology/biochemistry/molecular biology/crop science from an 
internationally reputable institution (completed)* 

- *Experience in monocot research* 

- *Co-authorship of peer-reviewed publications in international journals* 

- *Cell biology or plant transformation experience* 

*/ /* 

*The MSc student will conduct research in order to * 

    * *Analyse the effect of gene silencing/overexpression on wheat 
      yield, heat tolerance, pathogen resistance and herbicide tolerance 
      (2 genes)* 
    * *Determine the substrate specificity and function of a select 
      stress resistance-associated gene* 


* * 

*_Minimum requirements for the MSc student:_* 

* * 

- *A BSc (2:1 or higher) in botany/plant 
science/microbiology/biochemistry/molecular biology/crop science from an 
internationally reputable institution (completed)* 

- *Substantial molecular biology expertise, including vector 
construction, RNA/DNA analysis, etc.* 

* * 

*_Desirable requirements for the MSc students:_* 

- *Plant biology experience - practical and theoretical* 

- *Experience in monocot research* 

- *Co-authorship of peer-reviewed publications in international journals* 

- *Cell biology or plant transformation experience* 

* 
*The MSc postion will be for a period of two years. Students will 
complete taught courses, in addition to their research activities. They 
will receive an annual stipend of approx. 18000 euro and additionally, 
fees will be paid (5500 euros per annum). 

* 
* 

*APPLICANTS SHOULD SEND THEIR CV AND A LETTER OF INTEREST TO 
FIONA.DOOHAN@UCD.IE NO LATER THAN 20TH FEB 2011 (FURTHER INFORMATION IS 
ALSO AVAILABLE FROM FIONA DOOHAN). IN ORDER TO BE ELIGIBLE FOR FURTHER 
ASSESSMENT, THEY MUST INDICATE WHICH POSITION THEY ARE APPLYING FOR. 
* 
