ASEE/NSF Small Business Postdoctoral Fellowship Program

As an active National Science Foundation (NSF) Phase II Small Business
Innovation Research (SBIR) participant, GrassRoots Biotechnology is eligible
to participate in a new postdoctoral research fellowship program funded by
the NSF and administered by the American Society for Engineering Education
(ASEE). The program will place 50 creative and highly-trained recent
recipients of doctoral degrees in STEM-related disciplines supported by the
NSF for one-year periods. It is hoped that at least one-third of the
fellowship recipients will be from underrepresented groups defined as women,
persons with disabilities, African Americans, Hispanics, American Indians,
Alaska Natives and Pacific Islanders. The fellowship recipient will receive
a one-year stipend of $75,000 plus health insurance.
The successful applicant will work to expand GrassRoots novel promoter
discovery pipeline, developed in our Phase II STTR research, to monocot
systems. Activities include generating high resolution, tissue-specific
expression datasets in maize and Setaria viridis using Laser Capture
Microdissection (LCM) and RNA-seq. Additional activities could include
contributing to the bioinformatic analysis of the resulting data to identify
promoter and cis element candidates, and helping to develop Setaria viridis
as a platform for monocot expression element characterization. Promoter
candidates will be tested using both transient expression assays and stable
expression characterization. The successful candidate is expected to make
significant intellectual contributions to experimental design and analysis.
Publications and grant applications are strongly encouraged. GrassRoots
Biotechnology is an early stage Biotechnology company with a strong research
focus and a stimulating scientific environment.

Please visit the NSF/ASEE website at http://nsfsbir.asee.org/ for further
details and to apply for this position. 
