As part of our collaborative research work with SELEX Sensors and 
Airborne Systems Limited, we wish to recruit a research student for a 
PhD study on sensor networks for surveillance and monitoring 
applications. The main objective of the proposed research project is 
to explore the usage of sensor networks in improving monitoring and 
surveillance performances, with an emphasis on the provision of 
actionable user information (e.g. decision support etc.) gathered from 
integrated multi-modal systems. This requires, first, improving 
deployment strategies and associated supporting tools for the 
deployment of static sensor nodes in order to provide optimal coverage/ 
context awareness from the deployed system within the monitored area. 
Based on decentralized sensing architecture, robust threat 
identification and sensor node localization algorithms will also be 
investigated. In addition, efficient data/information fusion from 
heterogeneous sensors (such as EO/IR visual, acoustic and seismic 
sensors) will be carried on to improve threat detection, behaviour 
within it’s operating context. The potential to exploit the 
distributed tracking capabilities of multi-modal sensor networks will 
also be assessed during this work. The project will be carried out in 
close collaboration with our industrial partner and the resulting 
interactions will provide an exceptionally rich research environment. 
In addition to simulation validation, this project entails 30% real 
time experiments to embed proposed algorithms on representative sensor 
network hardware capabilities. 
 
Entry Requirements: For this research studentship, we are seeking a 
talented graduate, having (or be expected to obtain) at least an upper 
second class honours degree (first class honours preferred), MSc or 
equivalent in electrical engineering or computer science. Good 
mathematical background and experience of sensor signal processing, 
distributed/networked systems, Bayesian based inference techniques, 
data/information fusion and real time systems would be most desirable. 
 
 
Visit this website for more information 
 
http://www.scholarships-
links.com/viewdetail/id/225/PhD_Studentships_in_Sensor_Networks_for_Surveillance_and_Monit
oring_Applications,_Cranfield_Universi/
