Assistant Professor - Molecular Biology
 
 
The Department of Molecular Biology at the University of 
Wyoming seeks an outstanding scientist for a tenure-track 
position at the Assistant Professor level. The successful 
candidate will be expected to establish an extramurally 
funded research program, participate in undergraduate 
teaching in the core molecular biology curriculum, and 
contribute to the Graduate Program in Molecular and 
Cellular Life Sciences (http://www.uwyo.edu/mcls/). Salary 
and start-up package will be competitive. Candidates must 
have a Ph.D. degree or equivalent, postdoctoral research 
experience, and clear evidence of research productivity. 
Applications should be sent via email to 
molecularbiology@uwyo.edu as a single pdf file (labeled 
with your last name) that includes a cover letter, CV, 
research interests, and teaching interests and philosophy. 
In addition, three letters of recommendation should be sent 
by e-mail to molecularbiology@uwyo.edu or by regular mail 
to Search Committee Chair, Department of Molecular Biology, 
University of Wyoming, 1000 E. University Ave., Dept. 3944, 
Laramie, WY 82071. The Department of Molecular Biology 
consists of 15 faculty with diverse research interests and 
significant extramural support 
(http://uwacadweb.uwyo.edu/UWmolecbio/). The University of 
Wyoming enrolls ~12,000 students, including ~2,500 graduate 
students. Laramie is located in the Rocky Mountain region 
of southeastern Wyoming, about 120 miles from Denver. In 
addition to opportunities for academic excellence, the 
University of Wyoming offers a college-town environment, 
extraordinary outdoor recreation, and daily conveniences 
that contribute to our quality of life. Screening of 
applications will begin on October 15, 2008 and continue 
until a suitable candidate is identified.
 
The University of Wyoming is an EO/AA employer.

