The Ume√• Plant Science Centre (UPSC) is an internationally renowned center
in experimental plant biology and forest biotechnology. UPSC hosts four
national centers of excellence and is leading the Swedish conifer genome
sequencing project. More than 180 scientists from 35 countries organized in
30 groups are working at the UPSC.

Postdoctoral position: Genetic modification of secondary cell wall
properties in Populus

The postdoctoral position is within the strategic research effort
Bio4Energy, www.bio4energy.se, which is devoted to bioenergy and biorefinery
of lignocellulosic biomass. The work will be carried out at UPSC, where
research on cell walls and wood biology is a particularly active area
covering aspects of biochemistry, cell biology, molecular biology and wood
chemistry. This offers the successful applicant a unique opportunity to
collaborate with others and to learn and be exposed to a large battery of
methods and approaches. UPSC provides state-of-the-art platforms, including
proteomics, metabolomics, cell wall and wood analysis, spectroscopy,
microscopy and a poplar transformation service, which will ensure success in
the outlined project.
The successful applicant will identify transcription factors binding to gene
regulating sequences of enzymes involved in secondary cell wall formation of
Populus. Bottom-up and top-down strategies, involving yeast-one-hybrid, ChIP
and deep sequencing will be followed in order to generate mathematical
models of gene regulating networks for wood formation and related
processes. Candidate transcription factors will be functionally analyzed in
Arabidopsis and Populus, with the vision to tailor wood properties to the
needs of industrial processing.
The position is for the duration of two years and is immediately available.
Applicants require a doctoral degree in molecular biology or a closely
related discipline. Experience with the above mentioned techniques are of
advantage. Furthermore, applicants should be proficient in English and
should have the ability to work independently as well as in collaboration
with others.
The application should include: (i) a cover letter summarizing your
qualifications and your motivation to work on the given project; (ii) a CV;
(iii) a publication list and (iv) names and contacts of at least three
references. The application has to be submitted electronically as one file
to the project leader, Dr. Urs Fischer, UPSC, Department of Forest Genetics
and Plant Physiology, Swedish Agricultural University, urs.fischer@slu.se.
The deadline for submission is the 31st of May 2011. 
