NATIONAL LABORATORY OF GENOMICS FOR BIODIVERSITY 
LANGEBIO - MEXICO 
 
 
Call for Applications 
 
Faculty positions are available for outstanding young scientists at the 
National Laboratory of Genomics for Biodiversity (Langebio), a new 
research Unit of the “Centro de Investigación y de Estudios Avanzados del 
IPN” (Cinvestav) in Mexico. We are particularly interested in hiring PIs 
with a quantitative background in the fields of Computational Biology, 
Evolutionary Biology, Metabolic Engineering, and Cell Biology, but will 
consider exceptional candidates in other fields. Access to Langebio’s 
state of the art genomic and metabolomic facilities will provide 
opportunities for collaborative and interdisciplinary research. Preference 
will be given to individuals with publications in high impact journals and 
that held a PhD or equivalent for no more than 6 years. 
 
Applications are due by March 31, 2009. Please submit curriculum vitae, a 
short outline of your scientific accomplishments and proposed research 
program (max. 3 pages), copies of 3 selected publications, and contact 
information of three colleagues who have agreed to write letters of 
recommendation for you. Recruitment is expected to initiate in May 2009, 
and selected applicants are expected to start joining the facilities in 
July 2009. Rank and salary are dependent upon qualifications. Submit 
applications to: Alejandro Hernández (attention Dr. Luis 
Herrera-Estrella), Langebio-Cinvestav, Apartado Postal 629 C.P. 36821 
Irapuato, Guanajuato, Mexico. Fax: (52-462) 623 96 56. E-mail: 
ahernandez@ira.cinvestav.mx. 

