The Donald Danforth Plant Science Center in St. Louis, MO is seeking new 
faculty at the Assistant, Associate or Full Member ranks. Candidates are 
sought who are using creative approaches in three areas of plant sciences: 

1) fundamental plant biology and enabling technologies; 
2) crop improvement, with applications to international agriculture; and 
3) bioenergy. 

We seek candidates who will advance the Center's capacity in multiple 
areas. 
The Center has made significant recent investments to expand and strengthen 
genome-scale biology, robotics, phenotyping and synthetic biology 
platforms. 
Candidates for Assistant Member positions must have postdoctoral experience 
and a record of excellence in research; candidates for Associate or Full 
Member ranks should have several years of productive, independent 
faculty-level experience. All candidates should possess the ability to 
raise 
external grant funds, and exhibit excellent leadership and communication 
skills. They should also be integrative and collaborative, and interested 
in 
contributing to the Center's mission of improving the human condition 
through plant science. The Danforth Center is an independent, not-for- 
profit 
research organization dedicated to plant science. Members of the Center 
constitute the faculty, and usually have adjunct appointments at partner 
universities. Salary structures follow a typical academic model. More 
information about the Center is available at www.danforthcenter.org 
<http://www.danforthcenter.org> . 

Please submit a cover letter, curriculum vitae, a statement of research 
plans, three relevant publications and names and addresses of three 
references online athttp://www.danforthcenter.org/facultyApplicantsPublic/. 
Review of applications will occur as they are received; for full 
consideration, please submit by January 15, 2013. Please send inquiries 
about the search by email (FacultySearch@danforthcenter.org 
