Tenure-track Assistant Professor at Group of Plant-Insect 
Interactions[Institute of Plant Science and Resources (IPSR), Okayama 
University, Japan] 

Applications are invited for a TENURE-TRACK ASSISTANT PROFESSOR position 
beginning in fiscal year 2012 (from October 1, 2012 or later) at the 
Institute of Plant Science and Resources (IPSR), Okayama University. The 
successful candidate will join the Group of Plant-Insect Interactions, 
whose members include Ivan Galis (Professor) and Shoji Sonoda (Associate 
Professor). 

Research topics in the Group of Plant-Insect Interactions include four 
major areas: (1) Perception mechanisms of insect attack by plants, (2) 
Signal transduction pathways and role of plant transcription factors in 
defense against herbivores, (3) Metabolic changes induced by feeding of 
herbivores in plants and (4) Molecular mechanisms of insecticide 
resistance. The successful candidate is expected to actively contribute 
and develop research on molecular mechanisms and interactions between 
plants and herbivorous insects. Additional responsibilities of 
tenure-track Assistant Professor include teaching and supervision of 
graduate students at Okayama University. 

The tenure-track position is a five-year appointment. The successful 
candidate will be promoted to Associate Professor according to our 
examination criteria described in the application form. If the 
examination criteria are not fulfilled by the candidate, the contract 
will automatically expire at the end of the tenure-track period. 

Applications should be made using the form provided at 
http://www.rib.okayama-u.ac.jp/index.html. All application materials in 
English should be sent, in hard copy form, to Professor Yoko Yamamoto, 
Director, Institute of Plant Science and Resources, Okayama University, 
2-20-1 Chuo, Kurashiki 710-0046, Japan, by June 22, 2012. Application by 
e-mail is not acceptable. 