Cells within an organism can communicate with each other through the 
secretion of soluble proteins. In plants, communication can also occur 
through specialized intercellular channels called plasmodesmata (PD). PD 
allow the direct exchange of proteins between cell. This means that 
proteins made by one cell can travel into the neighboring cell and 
influence the behavior and/or fate of the neighbor. An important 
question in cell signaling is how this type of protein movement is 
regulated. Recently we identified SIEL, (for *_S_*HORT-ROOT 
*_I_*NTERACTING *_E_*MBRYONIC *_L_*ETHAL) one of the first plant 
proteins shown to promote the movement of an endogenously encoded plant 
transcription factor. We have shown that SIEL interacts with and 
promotes the movement of SHORT-ROOT (SHR). In addition SIEL also 
interacts with CAPRICE, TARGET OF MONOPTEROUS 7and AGAMOUS-LIKE 21 all 
of which are mobile transcription factors. The SIEL proten localizes to 
the nucleus and the cytoplasm of root cells,where it is associated with 
endosomes. This localization requires intact microtubules and appears to 
promote the intracellular mobility of endosome. We propose that SIEL 
acts as an intracellular shuttle that promotes intercellular movement of 
SHR through associations with the microtubule cytoskeleton and with 
endosomes. As SIEL is an essential protein, it is likely that it 
influences both the movement of other transcription factors and 
potentially endosome function. 

The post-doc involved in this project would test the extent to which 
SIEL is involved in the movement of transcription factors other than SHR 
and characterize the roles that SIEL plays in endosome function. 
Interested applicants should email their CV to Dr. Kimberly Gallagher 
(gallagkl at sas.upenn.edu) at the University of Pennsylvania. Priority 
will be given to applicants who have completed their PhD in the past year. 