The U.S. Department of Energy Office of Science, Office of Basic Energy 
Sciences is seeking two Energy Biosciences program managers - one for 
the Photosynthetic Systems Program and one for the Physical Biosciences 
Program.  Richard Greene, who currently manages these programs is also 
the Lead for the new Photo- and Bio-Chemistry Team in which these 
programs are housed.  Joining the Biosciences Programs in this team is 
the Solar Photochemistry program.  The team is designed to promote 
cross-disciplinary research that will lay the foundation for 
breakthroughs in future energy capture and conversion strategies. 
 
 
 
Job Opportunities: Program Managers for Photosynthetic Systems and 
Physical Biosciences 
 
The Office of Basic Energy Sciences (http://www.sc.doe.gov/bes/bes.html 
<BLOCKED::http://www.sc.doe.gov/bes/bes.html>  ), Office of Science, US 
Department of Energy, is seeking qualified applicants for two career 
federal positions managing either the Photosynthetic Systems Program or 
the Physical Biosciences Program.  Both programs fund mission-oriented, 
basic science on plant and non-medical microbial systems at universities 
and national laboratories. 
 
The Photosynthetic Systems Program supports fundamental research on the 
biological conversion of solar energy into chemically stored forms of 
energy.  This entails studies on light harvesting, exciton transfer, 
charge separation, transfer of reductant to carbon dioxide, as well as 
the biochemistry of carbon fixation and carbon storage.  Areas where 
biological sciences intersect heavily with energy-relevant chemical 
sciences and physics, such as in self-assembly of nanoscale components, 
efficient photon capture and charge separation, predictive design of 
catalysts, and self-repairing systems, are accentuated. 
 
The Physical Biosciences Program combines experimental and computational 
tools from the physical sciences with biochemistry and molecular 
biology.  The interdisciplinary approach provides a fundamental 
understanding of the complex processes that convert and store energy in 
living systems.   Research supported includes studies that investigate 
the mechanisms by which energy transduction systems are assembled and 
maintained, the processes that regulate energy-relevant chemical 
reactions within the cell, the underlying biochemical and biophysical 
principals that determine the architecture of biopolymers and the plant 
cell wall, and active site protein chemistry that provides a basis for 
highly selective and efficient bioinspired catalysts. 
 
 
 
Announcements and on-line application instructions can be found via the 
BES website: http://www.sc.doe.gov/bes/BESjobs.html 
<BLOCKED::http://www.sc.doe.gov/bes/BESjobs.html>  or directly at USA 
Jobs: 
 
To apply as a chemist use the following url: 
 
 
http://jobsearch.usajobs.gov/ftva.asp?seeker=1&JobID=69368527 
<BLOCKED::http://jobsearch.usajobs.gov/ftva.asp?seeker=1&JobID=69368527> 
. 
 
To apply as a biologist use the following url: 
 
 
http://jobsearch.usajobs.gov/ftva.asp?seeker=1&JobID=69368677 
<BLOCKED::http://jobsearch.usajobs.gov/ftva.asp?seeker=1&JobID=69368677> 
. 
 
 
 
Applications must be submitted on or before May 9, 2008. 
 
The complementary Photosynthetic System and Physical Biosciences 
Programs are described at:  http://www.sc.doe.gov/bes/eb/ebhome.html 
<BLOCKED::http://www.sc.doe.gov/bes/eb/ebhome.html>  .  These programs 
also intersect with other research programs of the BES Division of 
Chemical Sciences, Geosciences, and Biosciences Division, described at 
http://www.sc.doe.gov/bes/chm/chmhome.html 
<BLOCKED::http://www.sc.doe.gov/bes/chm/chmhome.html>  . For questions 
about this position and working at BES, please contact Richard Greene, 
richard.greene@science.doe.gov 
<BLOCKED::mailto:richard.greene@science.doe.gov>  or Eric Rohlfing, 
eric.rohlfing@science.doe.gov 
<BLOCKED::mailto:eric.rohlfing@science.doe.gov>  .
