Postdoctoral position at the GMI, Vienna, Austria



A postdoctoral position studying cell-to-cell communication during
lateral growth of the Arabidopsis stem is available in the group of
Thomas Greb at the Gregor Mendel Institute (GMI), Vienna, Austria.

Our group investigates the process of stem thickening as an example for
addressing mechanisms of growth regulation by short- and long-distance
cell-to-cell communication, of cell specification and tissue patterning
in multicellular organisms. It is envisaged that the successful
applicant will decipher the molecular function of novel regulators
identified in the group (Agusti et al., 2011; PLoS Gen) using genetic,
molecular and/or computational approaches. Our group is located at the
GMI, which provides a highly dynamic and stimulating research atmosphere
and which is embedded in the attractive scientific environment of the
Vienna Biocenter (VBC). For more information, please consult:
http://www.gmi.oeaw.ac.at/ <http://www.gmi.oeaw.ac.at/> or Thomas Greb
directly.

Successful applicants will be highly motivated, have outstanding
communication skills, have published (or are close to be publishing) in
major international journals and be capable of working independently.
Experience in some or all of the following disciplines is desirable:
plant development, genetics, histology, molecular biology, computational
biology and/or biochemistry. To qualify for the position you should have
a PhD degree or equivalent obtained in a related field, preferably, no
longer than four years ago.

Please send an email including a cover letter describing your
motivation, CV and contact details for two referees to Thomas Greb
(thomas.greb@gmi.oeaw.ac.at <mailto:thomas.greb@gmi.oeaw.ac.at> ).
Applications will be reviewed until a suitable candidate is found. 
