2 Post-doc Positions on Mechanisms Underlying Lateral Polarity Establishment in Plant Cells 

The positions are available at Umeå Plant Science Centre, Dept. of Plant Physiology, Umeå Universy,
SWEDEN from the earliest possible time point. The research will be conducted in the group of Dr. 
Markus Grebe, and is supported by an ERC Starting Investigator Grant 2010 from the European Research 
Council. 

Project descriptions 
Position 1: This project will address the formation of inner lateral cell polarity in the root 
epidermis of Arabidopsis thaliana employing genetic, molecular and cell biological approaches. Ref 
315-141-11. 

Position 2: This project will address the formation of outer lateral membrane polarity in the root 
epidermis of Arabidopsis thaliana employing genetic, molecular and cell biological approaches. Ref 
315-142-11. 

For previous work on apical and planar root epidermal polarity from Markus Grebe's group see, for 
example, Fischer et al. 2006, Current Biology 16, 2143-2149; Men et al. 2008, Nature Cell Biology 10, 
237-244; Ikeda et al. 2009. Nature Cell Biology 11, 731-738. 

Requirements 
Highly motivated candidates with expertise in Arabidopsis genetics (or another major genetic model 
organism), molecular biology, cell biology, and biochemistry are encouraged to apply. Expertise in 
performing genetic screens on plants, map-based cloning of plant genes, live imaging of fluorescent 
protein fusions by confocal laser scanning microscopy, immunocytochemistry, and /or analyses of the 
cytoskeleton will be of additional advantage. To qualify for the position you should have a PhD 
degree or equivalent, in the first place not more than three years old. Very good English 
communication and writing skills are required. 

The applications should include (1) a Curriculum Vitae, (2) copies of degree certificates, (3) a 
statement of previous research achievements, (4) a publication list, (5) reprints/copies of published 
work according to this list, and (6) contact information for three referees willing to provide 
letters of reference. The application should be written in English. 

The application can be submitted either electronically (MS Word or PDF format) or in hard-copy (two 
copies) form. 

For further information about the positions, you may contact group leader Dr. Markus Grebe at 
+46-(0)90-786 82 37 or markus.grebe@plantphys.umu.se . For more information about Umeå Plant Science
 Centre, see www.upsc.se. 

Union information is available from SACO, +46-(0)90-786 53 65, SEKO civil, +46-(0)90-786 52 96 and 
ST, +46-(0)90-786 54 31. 

Note: If you apply for both positions, two separate applications must be submitted. 

Your complete application, marked with reference number 315-141-11 (position 1) or 315-142-11 
(position 2), should be sent to jobb@umu.se (state the reference number as subject) or to the 
Registrar, Umeå University, SE-901 87 Umeå, Sweden to arrive March 18, 2011 at the latest. 

We are looking forward to receiving your application! 


The full advertisement is also available under the following link: 

http://www8.umu.se/umu/aktuellt/arkiv/lediga_tjanster/315-141-142-11.html 
