Postdoctoral position at the GMI, Vienna, Austria



A two-year postdoctoral position (with the possibility of extension)
studying the control of cell fate during secondary growth initiation in
Arabidopsis is available in the group of Dr. Thomas Greb at the Gregor
Mendel Institute (GMI), Vienna, Austria. The envisaged start date is in
spring/summer 2010.

Our group uses vascular tissue development in Arabidopsis as an example
for cell specification and tissue patterning in higher organisms. In
particular, we seek to understand the molecular mechanisms regulating
the establishment and activity of the vascular cambium in the
inflorescence shoot. Depending on interest and background, the scientist
will decipher the molecular function of novel cambium regulators
identified in the group or work on associated projects. Our group is
located at the newly founded GMI, which provides a dynamic and
challenging research atmosphere and which is embedded in the highly
attractive scientific environment of the Vienna Biocenter (VBC). For
more information, please consult: http://www.gmi.oeaw.ac.at/ or Dr.
Thomas Greb directly.

Successful applicants will be highly motivated, be capable of working
independently and be prepared to assume responsibilities for co-workers.
Experience in some or all of the following disciplines is desirable:
plant development, genetics, histology, molecular biology and/or
biochemistry. To qualify for the position you should have a PhD degree
or equivalent obtained, preferably, no longer than three years ago.

Please send your application including a cover letter describing your
motivation, CV and contact details for two referees by 15th February to
Dr. Thomas Greb, GMI - Gregor Mendel Institute of Molecular Plant
Biology GmbH, Dr. Bohr-Gasse 3, 1030 Vienna, Austria or by e-mail:
thomas.greb@gmi.oeaw.ac.at.
