Postdoctoral Scholar - Plant Circadian Clock 
Plant Gene Expression Center - University of California, Berkeley 

There is an opening for a Postdoctoral Scholar-Employee position at the 
Plant Gene Expression Center in Albany, CA to study the circadian clock in 
plants. The postdoctoral appointment will be through the Department of Plant 
and Microbial Biology at the University of California, Berkeley. Our lab 
studies the plant circadian clock using Arabidopsis and maize as 
experimental systems. This endogenous molecular timer provides the capacity 
to anticipate oncoming environmental changes and coordinate growth and 
development accordingly. Interaction between the circadian clock and 
environmental cues is dynamic and reciprocal. We are interested in utilizing 
the wealth of molecular information for the Arabidopsis circadian oscillator 
along with the genetic and genomic resources for maize to gain further 
insight into the plant circadian system. The available position is open for 
work in either Arabidopsis or maize. 

Applicants must have a PhD and a strong background and publication record in 
computational biology, genetics, molecular biology, or a related field. 
Salary range is $37,740 - $42,624/yr., depending on experience and track 
record. The initial appointment is for one year and will be extended based 
on suitable progress and availability of funds. Benefits are provided with 
the position. The application deadline is March 18 or until suitable 
applicants are identified. 

Interested individuals should email a cover letter describing their 
professional goals and research experience, along with a CV that includes a 
list of publications and the names and email addresses of three referees, to 
Dr. Frank Harmon, fharmon@berkeley.edu. 

Please refer referees to the University's statement on confidentiality, 
found at: http://apo.chance.berkeley.edu/evalltr.html. University of 
California is an EOE/AAE. 
