POSTDOCTORAL POSITION IN ARABIDOPSIS DEVELOPMENTAL GENETICS 

 

available at the

 

UNIVERSITY OF BRITISH COLUMBIA

 

VANCOUVER, CANADA

 

We are seeking a well trained, highly motivated and enthusiastic molecular 
geneticist to study cell wall biosynthesis in the seed coat of Arabidopsis (see 
Haughn G and Chaudhury A, 2005, Trends in Plant Science 10: 472-477).  During 
differentiation, the seed coat epidermis secretes copious amounts of mucilage 
(pectin) into the apoplast, followed by the production of  an extensive 
secondary cell wall. We are using this cell type as a model system together with 
forward and reverse genetic screens to identify genes involved in this process  
(Western et al., 2000, Plant Physiology, 122: 345-355; Western et al., 2001, 
Plant Physiol.127: 998-1011; Western et al., 2004. Plant Physiol.134: 998-1011). 
Recently, microarray technology has been employed to detect changes in gene 
expression during seed coat differentiation. The successful applicant will make 
use of this information and reverse genetic technology to identify candidate 
genes involved in the biosynthesis and secretion of cell wall components.  
Additional information concerning the laboratory, our department and Vancouver 
can be found at our Web site: http://www.botany.ubc.ca/haughn/index.htm. 

 

Applicants must have expertise in genetics of Arabidopsis thaliana and well 
developed skills in molecular biology techniques. Experience with cell wall 
microarrays, biochemistry, enzymology, protein expression and/or cell biology 
would be highly desirable.  The position is available January 1, 2007 for an 
initial period of one year, with a possibility of extension for a second year 
subject to satisfactory performance and availability of resources. If 
interested, please send, by E-mail, a cover letter outlining research experience 
and interests, a curriculum vitae, and the names and phone numbers of three 
referees by November 15, 2007 to Professor George Haughn, Department of Botany, 
University of British Columbia, 6270 University Blvd., Vancouver, B.C., V6T 1Z4, 
Canada; TEL (604) 822-3554, FAX (604) 822-6089; E-mail: 
haughn@interchange.ubc.ca.     

In accordance with Canadian immigration requirements priority will be given to 
Canadian citizens and permanent residents of Canada.  UBC hires on the basis of 
merit and is committed to employment equity.  We encourage all qualified persons 
to apply.


