
RESEARCH ASSOCIATE POSITION IN ARABIDOPSIS DEVELOPMENTAL GENETICS 

 

available at the

 

UNIVERSITY OF BRITISH COLUMBIA

 

VANCOUVER, CANADA

 

We are seeking a well trained, highly motivated and enthusiastic individual to 
study seed coat epidermal differentiation in Arabidopsis (see Haughn G and 
Chaudhury A, 2005, Trends in Plant Science 10: 472-477).  During 
differentiation, the seed coat epidermis secretes copious amounts of mucilage 
(pectin) into the apoplast and then produces an extensive secondary cell wall. 
We are using this cell type as a model system together with forward genetic 
analysis to understand cell wall biosynthesis (Western et al., 2000, Plant 
Physiology, 122: 345-355; Western et al., 2001, Plant Physiol.127: 998-1011; 
Western et al., 2004. Plant Physiol.134: 998-1011).  Currently we are employing 
microarray technology to detect changes in gene expression during seed coat 
differentiation. The successful applicant will make use of this information and 
reverse genetic technology to identify candidate genes involved in the 
biosynthesis and secretion of cell wall components.  Additional information 
concerning the laboratory, our department and Vancouver can be found at our Web 
site: http://www.botany.ubc.ca/haughn/index.htm. 

 

Applicants must have expertise in developmental genetics of Arabidopsis thaliana 
and well developed skills in molecular biology techniques. Experience with cell 
wall biochemistry, enzymology, protein expression and/or cell biology would be 
highly desirable.  The position is available May 1, 2007 for an initial period 
of one year, with a possibility of extension for up to two additional years 
subject to satisfactory performance and availability of resources. If 
interested, please send, by E-mail, a cover letter outlining research experience 
and interests, a curriculum vitae, and the names and phone numbers of three 
referees by March 31, 2007 to Professor George Haughn, Department of Botany, 
University of British Columbia, 6270 University Blvd., Vancouver, B.C., V6T 1Z4, 
Canada; TEL (604) 822-3554, FAX (604) 822-6089; E-mail: 
haughn@interchange.ubc.ca. 

                                                                                               

In accordance with Canadian immigration requirements priority will be given to 
Canadian citizens and permanent residents of Canada.  UBC hires on the basis of 
merit and is committed to employment equity.  We encourage all qualified persons 
to apply. 
