Bioinformatician Systems Biology

Within the SPS (Saclay Plant Sciences) Laboratory of Excellence
(http://www.versailles.inra.fr/urgv/news.htm#saclay), grouping together
several INRA, CNRS and university institutes in the Paris region, a
position for a bioinformatician becomes available from November 2011
onwards. The work will be performed in close collaboration with the
Bioinformatics and Predictive Genomics, Arabidopsis Functional Genomics
and Signal Transduction groups of the URGV
(http://www.versailles.inra.fr/urgv/index.htm).
The candidate will focus on the use of high throughput proteomics-related
data (phoshoproteomics, protein complexes, chromatin-protein and
protein-protein interaction) with those derived from genomic and
transcriptomic analyses. The aim of the project is to develop integrative
network models of the regulation of plant responses to environmental
challenges. Reiterative experimental verification of the gene network
models will enable the development of robust models with high predictive
value.
Required qualifications for the position are a PhD in Bioinformatics,
computational sciences, statistics or equivalent. Programming knowledge
(Perl/Python, R, SQL, Java or C++), use of Unix/Linux and experience in
large data set analysis are mandatory.
The position is initially limited to four years, but pending on the
qualifications of the candidate, a permanent position can become available
for senior applicants.

Please send a full CV, including two reference letters to Heribert Hirt
(hirt@evry.inra.fr). Closing date for applications is 31 October 2011. 
