Postdoctoral research opportunity in bioinformatics and evolutionary
genomics

Department of Forest Resources and Environmental Conservation Virginia
Polytechnic Institute and State University

A postdoctoral fellowship for an NSF-funded project is available
starting February 1, 2011, or soon thereafter, in the Department of
Forest Resources and Environmental Conservation at Virginia Tech. The
initial contract will be for one year, with the possibility of renewal
up to three years total. The overarching goal of the project is to
understand the genomic basis for climatic adaptation in the model tree
Populus trichocarpa (poplar) and related species. The successful
candidate will participate in a genome-wide association mapping study,
with downstream analyses involving comparative and landscape genomics.
The primary responsibility will be computational analysis and
interpretation of genomic data. Secondary duties will include assistance
with wet lab and field work as needed, mentoring of graduate and
undergraduate students, and participating in outreach activities. A
Ph.D. in computational biology, evolutionary genomics, bioinformatics,
or a related field is required, as is substantial programming experience
(e.g., Perl, R). Experience working with next-gen sequencing data would
be a significant asset.

For more information about this exciting opportunity to work on the
cutting edge of plant genomics research, please contact Jason Holliday
(jah1@vt.edu).
