Department of Botany and Microbiology 
University of Oklahoma 


Applications are invited for a tenure-track position to begin in August 
2012 at the Assistant Professor level. The Department seeks outstanding 
candidates who will contribute to its research, teaching, and service 
missions, with specific research interests in Plant Developmental Biology, 
using contemporary molecular techniques while studying fundamental aspects 
of evolutionary development, hormone regulation, plant-microbe 
interactions, or functional genomics. Research activities must incorporate 
a strong experimental component but may involve computational biology to 
model developmental processes. 

Candidates must have a Ph.D. in Plant Biology or related discipline, a 
strong record of research publication, postdoctoral experience, and provide 
evidence of an ability to develop an independent, extramurally funded 
research program. The successful candidate will also participate in 
graduate instruction and training and teach undergraduate courses that 
support the departmental curriculum. Applicants should submit both a hard 
copy of application materials to Dr. Gordon Uno, Chair, Department of 
Botany and Microbiology, 770 Van Vleet Oval, University of Oklahoma, 
Norman, OK 73019 and a single PDF file of materials to guno@ou.edu <mailto: 
guno@ou.edu> . Your application should include a curriculum vitae, 
representative reprints, statements of research plans and teaching 
interests and philosophy, as well as full contact information for four 
references. Review of applications begins December 15, 2011 and will 
continue until the position is filled. More information about the faculty 
and Department may be obtained at: http://www.ou.edu/cas/botany-micro/ < 
http://www.ou.edu/cas/botany-micro/> . Women and members of 
under-represented groups are encouraged to apply. The University of 
Oklahoma is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
