Department of Botany and Microbiology 
University of Oklahoma 


Applications are invited for two tenure-track positions to begin in August 
of 2011 at the Assistant Professor level. The Department seeks outstanding 
individuals who will contribute to its research, teaching, and service 
missions, with specific research interests in: (Search #1) Plant Molecular 
Biology, studying fundamental aspects of cellular and/or developmental 
biology with an emphasis in cell signaling, functional genomics, 
proteomics/metabolomics, cell biology, molecular evolution, or 
plant-microbial interactions. (Search #2) Plant Ecology, studying plant 
roles in the regulation of ecosystem structure and function in response to 
climate change, bioenergy production, or invasive plant ecology. 

Candidates must have a Ph.D. in Botany or closely related discipline, strong 
record of research publication, postdoctoral experience, and provide 
evidence of a strong ability to develop independent, extramurally funded 
research. The successful candidate will also participate in graduate 
instruction and training and teach undergraduate courses that support the 
departmental curriculum. Applicants should indicate Search #, and send hard 
copies of the following to Dr. Gordon Uno, Chair, Department of Botany and 
Microbiology, 770 Van Vleet Oval, University of Oklahoma, Norman, OK 73019 
(inquiries to guno@ou.edu): a curriculum vitae, representative reprints, 
statements of research plans and teaching interests and philosophy, as well 
as full contact information for four references. Review of applications 
begins November 15, 2010 and will continue until positions are filled. More 
information about the faculty, Department, and searches may be obtained at: 
http://www.ou.edu/cas/botany-micro/ 

Women and members of under-represented groups are encouraged to apply. The 
University of Oklahoma is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
