Permanent Research Position

Position Available Immediately

 

 

 

Two Research Scientist or Sr. Research Scientist positions in the field of
plant molecular biology & genetics are immediately available in the Gene
Discovery Program at the Company's Kingston research facility. Applicants
should possess a M.Sc or Ph.D, and have a strong background in plant
biology.  The successful candidates should have demonstrated skills in
identification of genes and their functions using current molecular and
genetic approaches.  Knowledge of plant signal transduction, biotic and
abiotic stresses is also advantageous.  The candidates will ideally be
detail-orientated, well-organized, enthusiastic and able to appreciate
goal-based research and development. 

 

Performance Plants Inc. is a Canadian plant biotechnology company, whose
mission is to develop, test and validate innovative plant technologies that
optimize crop performance and agricultural productivity while improving food
security, preserving the environment and promoting global sustainability.
The Company's head office is located in the beautiful city of Kingston by
Lake Ontario.  

 

Interested applicants should forward their curriculum vitae (including the
names of three references) to: 

 

Human Resources, Performance Plants Inc.

BioSciences Complex, 116 Barrie Street, 

Kingston, Ontario K7L 3N6 Canada

Email:  <mailto:humanresources@performanceplants.com>
humanresources@performanceplants.com.      Fax: 1-(613)-545-3618.

 

Performance Plants Inc. offers a complete benefits package and is an equal
opportunity employer.  Only applicants considered for an interview will
receive further communication after their initial application.

 

 

============================================================================
============================================================

 

Yafan Huang, Ph.D.

Vice President & Chief Scientific Officer

Performance Plants, Inc.

Bioscience Complex

Queen's University

Kingston, Ontario

Canada

K7L  3N6

Tel: 1-613-545-0390 Ext. 15

Web: http://www.performanceplants.com

 

PPI, the promise of growth

STATEMENT OF CONFIDENTIALITY:

The information contained in this electronic message and any attachments to
this message are intended for the exclusive use of the addressee(s) and may
contain confidential or privileged information. If you are not the intended
recipient, please notify Performance Plants, Inc. immediately at either
(613) 545-0390 or at huangy@performanceplants.com and destroy all copies of
this message and any attachments.

 


