Performance Plants, Inc.





Corn transformation Specialist

permanent Positions Available Immediately





A permanent position of corn transformation scientist is immediately
available in the Company's Kingston research & product development
facility.
The candidates for this position should have demonstrated laboratory
skills
and successful experience in corn tissue culture and regeneration of
transgenic events. Successful candidates will work with a team of
plant
transformation specialists to carry out the company's corn
transformation
work and maintain a high-throughput transgenic corn pipeline.
Experience
and knowledge on tissue culture and transformation in other crop
systems
will be a plus. Applicants for the position should possess a B.Sc. or
M.Sc.
degree or with equivalent experiences, and have a strong background in
plant
cell biology.   The candidates will ideally be detail-orientated,
well-organized, enthusiastic and able to appreciate goal and
team-based
research and development.



Performance Plants Inc. is a Canadian plant biotechnology company,
whose
mission is to discover, develop and validate innovative plant
technologies
that optimize crop performance and agricultural productivity while
improving
food & fuel security, preserving the environment and promoting global
sustainability.  The Company's head office is located in the beautiful
city
of Kingston by Lake Ontario.



Interested applicants should forward their curriculum vitae (including
the
names of three references) to:



Human Resources, Performance Plants Inc.

700 Gardiners Road

Kingston, Ontario

K7M 3X9,

Canada

Email:  <mailto:humanresources@performanceplants.com>
humanresources@performanceplants.com.      Fax: 1-(613)-545-3618.



Performance Plants Inc. offers a complete benefits package and is an
equal
opportunity employer.  Only applicants considered for an interview
will
receive further communication after their initial application.
