A graduate research assistantship is available immediately to a
qualified student to pursue a Ph.D. degree in plant molecular
biology/genetics. The student will focus his/her research effort on
genome analysis of sorghum using molecular markers such as SSR, SNP and
microarrays, leading to the discovery of genes encoding the host
resistance to insect pest and map-based QTL cloning. The student may
also have the opportunity to participate in related studies in the lab,
using functional genomics and molecular approaches to either analyze
molecular interactions between plant and insect or to identify and
characterize traits affecting biomass and biofuel production in sorghum.
The GRA position will include a competitive stipend, tuition waiver, and
health insurance. Candidates with strong background in molecular
biology/genetics and related research experience are especially
encouraged to apply. Applicants should send resume, a short statement of
research interest, transcripts, GRE and TOEFL (for international
applicants) scores, and three letters of recommendation to: Dr. Yinghua
Huang, Department of Botany, Oklahoma State University, Stillwater, OK
74075.  For more information on his research program, please feel free
to contact me via email yinghua.huang@ars.usda.gov or visit the
websites: http://botany.okstate.edu;
http://plantbionet.okstate.edu/faculty/huang/yhuang.html 

