A postdoctoral position is available for two years to work on the 
phytochrome-interacting basic helix-loop-helix (bHLH) transcription factor 
(PIF1) that is involved in controlling photomorphogenesis in Arabidopsis. 
The research involves understanding the mechanisms of regulation of PIF1 by 
light using biochemical, genetic and genomic approaches. Applicants should 
have a recent Ph.D. in molecular genetics or biochemistry. Prior experience 
in Arabidopsis is advantageous but not essential. Salary and benefits will 
be competitive and commensurate with experience. Interested applicants 
should send a CV, brief summary of research experience, and names and email 
addresses of at least three referees preferably by email to 
huq@mail.utexas.edu. 
 
The University of Texas at Austin is an affirmative action, equal 
opportunity employer committed to excellence through diversity. 
 
Interested applicants are encouraged to look at recent papers from our lab: 
 
1. Castillon, A., Shen, H. and Huq, E. (2009) Blue light induces degradation 
of the negative regulator Phytochrome Interacting Factor 1 to promote 
photomorphogenic development of Arabidopsis seedlings. Genetics 182:161-171. 
 
2. Leivar, P., Monte, E., Oka, Y., Liu, T., Carle, C., Castillon, A., Huq, 
E. and Quail, P.H. (2008) Multiple phytochrome-interacting bHLH 
transcription factors repress premature seedling photomorphogenesis in 
darkness. Current Biology 18:1815-1823. 
 
3. Shen, H., Ling, Z., Castillon, A., Majee, M., Downie, B. and Huq, E. 
(2008) Light-induced phosphorylation and degradation of the negative 
regulator PIF1 depends upon its direct physical interactions with 
photoactivated phytochromes. Plant Cell 20:1586-1602. 
 
4. Moon, J., Zhu, L., Shen, H. and Huq, E. (2008) PIF1 directly and 
indirectly regulates chlorophyll biosynthesis to optimize the greening 
process in Arabidopsis. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA 105: 9433-9438. 
 
5. Shen, H., Luong, P. and Huq, E. (2007) The F-box protein MAX2 functions 
as a positive regulator of photomorphogenesis in Arabidopsis. Plant 
Physiology 145: 1471-1483. 
 
6. Castillon, A., Shen, H. and Huq, E. (2007) Phytochrome Interacting 
Factors: central players in phytochrome-mediated light signaling networks. 
Trends Plant Sci. 12: 514-521. 

