Postdoctoral Position
Department of Plant Sciences, University of California, Davis, CA, USA

A postdoctoral position is available immediately at Kentaro Inoue
laboratory in UC Davis for the DOE-funded project on the biogenesis of
photosynthetic compartments in higher plants. A number of proteins
involved in photosynthetic light reaction are targeted to thylakoid
lumen with signal peptides that are cleaved by thylakoidal processing
peptidase (TPP). There are at least three TPP homologs in the model
plant Arabidopsis thaliana. Recently, a genetic study has shown that one
of them called Plsp1 is essential for proper thylakoid development (J
Cell Biol '05 171, 425-430). Interestingly, Plsp1 is located in both
thylakoids and the envelope but its distribution appears to depend on
the development of chloroplasts (Shipman and Inoue, in preparation),
whereas other two TPP homologs appear to exist only in thylakoids
(Baldwin et al., unpublished). The successful candidate will use the
reagents generated in these studies and also develop new tools to
address the significance of gene duplication giving rise to multiple
TPPs, and the mechanism of intraorganellar protein sorting. A strong
background in molecular biology and biochemistry is necessary.
Experience of molecular cloning, over-expression of a gene of interest
in bacteria and/or other organisms, and genetic analysis of model
organisms is also desirable. The initial appointment of the position is
for 1-2 years and its renewal is highly possible, depending on the
performance of the individual.

To apply, please send a full C.V. including a brief description of
research experience and interests, future career goals, and names/email
addresses of three references via email to: Kentaro Inoue, Associate
Professor, Department of Plant Sciences, University of California, One
Shields Avenue, Davis, CA 95616, USA, kinoue@ucdavis.edu
