Postdoctoral Position in Arabidopsis Flower Development

A postdoctoral position is available in the laboratory of
Dr. Tom Jack (Dartmouth College) to work on an NSF-funded
project on genes that control the growth of the floral
organs in Arabidopsis. Specifically, we are studying the
role of two genes that are necessary for proper growth of
petals and stamens. The first is DORNR?SCHEN-LIKE, which
encodes an AP2-domain transcription factor (see Plant Mol.
Biol. 65, 219 (2007)). The second is microRNA319a, which
is necessary for proper growth of both petals and stamens
(see Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA 106, 22534 (2009)). The
successful applicant will become a member of vibrant group
of researchers at Dartmouth that focus on plant biology
and developmental biology. The successful applicant should
be highly motivated and be capable of working
independently. Experience in some or all of the following
disciplines is desirable: genetics in model systems,
molecular biology, developmental biology, and/or
biochemistry.

Application Instructions: Please send a letter of
application describing research background, a CV, and the
names and contact information for three references to Tom
Jack at Dartmouth College, Dept. of Biology, Hanover, NH
03755 or by email to thomas.p.jack@dartmouth.edu. 
