Postdoctoral Position in Arabidopsis Flower Development 
 
A postdoctoral position is currently available in the 
laboratory of Dr. Tom Jack (Dartmouth College) to work on 
an NSF-funded project on genes that control the growth of 
the floral organs in Arabidopsis.  Specifically, we are 
studying the role of two genes that are necessary for 
proper growth of petals and stamens.  The first is 
DORNR?SCHEN-LIKE, which encodes an AP2-domain 
transcription factor.  The second is microRNA319a, which 
is necessary for proper growth of both petals and stamens. 
The successful applicant will become a member of vibrant 
group of researchers at Dartmouth that focus on plant 
biology and developmental biology. The successful 
applicant should be highly motivated and be capable of 
working independently.  Experience in some or all of the 
following disciplines is desirable: genetics in model 
systems, molecular biology, developmental biology, and/or 
biochemistry. 
 
Application Instructions: Please send a letter of 
application describing research background, a CV, and the 
names and contact information for three references to Tom 
Jack at Dartmouth College, Dept. of Biology, Hanover, NH 
03755 or by email to thomas.p.jack@dartmouth.edu. 

