BIOCHEMIST / MOLECULAR BIOLOGIST, BRYN MAWR COLLEGE
The Department of Biology invites applications for a tenure track
faculty position in biochemistry / molecular biology at the rank of
Assistant Professor. We are searching for an individual who will
thrive in an environment that combines teaching and research. The
successful candidate is expected to teach at all levels of the
curriculum and establish an externally funded research program that
provides rigorous collaborative research projects for undergraduates.
Candidates with expertise in genomics and other emerging areas of
informatics are encouraged to apply. A doctorate and at least one
year of postdoctoral research experience required. Submit a
curriculum vitae, description of research plans that addresses the
role of undergraduates in your research, statement of teaching
philosophy, and arrange for three letters of recommendation to be
sent by September 15, 2006 to Chair, Biology Search, Department of
Biology, Bryn Mawr College, 101 N. Merion Avenue, Bryn Mawr, PA
19010-2899. (No electronic submissions please.)
>
Located in suburban Philadelphia, Bryn Mawr College is a highly
selective liberal arts college for women who share an intense
intellectual commitment, a self-directed and purposeful vision of
their lives, and a desire to make meaningful contributions to the
world. Bryn Mawr comprises an undergraduate college with 1,200
students, as well as coeducational graduate schools in some
humanities, sciences, and social work. The College supports faculty
excellence in both teaching and research, and participates in
consortial programs with the University of Pennsylvania, and
Haverford and Swarthmore Colleges. Bryn Mawr College is an
equal-opportunity, affirmative action employer. Minority candidates
and women are especially encouraged to apply.
