The Boyce Thompson Institute for Plant Research, an independent not-for-profit 
research organization, invites applications for up to two tenure-track faculty 
positions at the Assistant or Associate level. We seek candidates whose research 
addresses fundamental questions in plant biology. Particular areas of interest 
include, but are not limited to, small molecule biochemistry, cell biology and 
epigenetics. Applications from scientists addressing research questions not 
currently represented at BTI are encouraged. This includes plant and microbial 
research with applications in renewable energy programs. BTI is located on the 
central Cornell University campus and has a research-oriented environment with 
state-of-the-art facilities. This includes expanded plant growth facilities, a 
new cell imaging suite and new mass spectrometry facilities. Our location offers 
superb opportunities for interactions and formal links to appropriate Cornell 
departments. We strongly encourage applications from women and minorities. BTI 
maintains family-friendly policies and is an equal opportunity employer. 
Applicants should submit a cover letter, curriculum vitae and a concise 
description of research plans (~ 3 pages). Please submit applications and have 
letters from three references sent to Search Committee Chair, c/o Mary Westlake 
(<mailto:mew14@cornell.edu>mew14@cornell.edu), Boyce Thompson Institute, Tower 
Road, Ithaca, New York 14853, phone 607-254-1317. Informal inquiries can be 
directed to Dr. David Stern, BTI President, phone 607-254-1306, email 
ds28@cornell.edu. Review of applications will begin on October 15 and will 
continue until the positions are filled. Additional information about BTI can be 
obtained at <http://bti.cornell.edu>http://bti.cornell.edu.


