PhD student position available

Early stage researcher in bioinformatics and statistics, BIOBASE GmbH.


Description

The goal of the SYSFLO project is to train young scientists within a network
of research institutions and knowledge-based companies in the field of
systems biology. The work will combine the handling of large-scale datasets
with advanced computational analysis, modelling, and prediction, applied to
the area of plant reproduction. The student working at BIOBASE will be
trained in the area of bioinformatical and statistical methods applied to
the collection, processing, and analysis of high-throughput DNA sequencing
data resulting from genetic or genomic experiments, and collaborate with
other partners (University of Leeds, PRI International Wageningen,
University of Milan, Max-Planck Institute for Plant Breeding KÃ¶ln, JIC
Norwich, Institute of Plant Genetics at the Polish Academy of Sciences, and
VIB Ghent), who provide the experimental data, and will test the predictions
resulting from the bioinformatical work.


Requirements

We are looking for mathematicians/informaticians with interest in biological
research or biologists with interest in statistics/informatics, possibly
with proven prior training in these areas, and with an appropriate MSc of
not more than 4 years ago. Experience with statistical packages (e.g. R,
Genstat, Matlab) and programming (e.g. Ruby, Perl, Python, Java) is
advantageous, and proficiency in English mandatory. Applicants must not have
more than 4 years of research experience (on a full time basis) since
obtaining their diploma, must not be german residents and must not have
finished a PhD. Appointment time is 1 year minimum, 3 years maximum. PhD
completion is possible.



This position is funded by the EU FP7 Marie-Curie ITN project SYSFLO
"Training in Systems Biology Applied to Flowering". Benefits according to
the ITN regulations include: living allowance (salary), mobility allowance,
travel allowance, career exploratory allowance (single payment), coverage of
participation expenses.


About BIOBASE

BIOBASE, headquartered in Wolfenbuettel, Germany, is a leading provider of
biological databases, knowledge tools, software and services for the life
science industry, with branch offices in the USA, India and Japan. BIOBASE
provides an excellent scientific environment and actively participates in
international research projects on developing systems biology tools and
revealing molecular mechanisms of human diseases, drug target and biomarker
discovery.


Application

Please send your application with CV and the name of two references to Dr.
Frank Schacherer, BIOBASE GmbH, Halchtersche StraBe 33, D-38304
Wolfenbuettel, Germany. E-mail: frank.schacherer@biobase-international.com

