Postdoctoral Position in Plant Genomics/Bioinformatics 

A full-time Postdoctoral Research Associate position in Plant 
Genomics/Bioinformatics is available in the Department of Agronomy at Purdue 
University. The successful candidate will investigate transposon-mediated 
gene and genome evolution and functional consequences in soybean and some 
other plant species by computational and bioinformatics approaches, and be 
expected to contribute to a variety of studies on structural, functional and 
evolutionary genomics in Dr. Jianxin Ma's laboratory (see some recent 
publications, Tian et al. 2009 Genome Research, Tian et al. 2010 PNAS; Du et 
al. 2010 Plant Cell; Du et al. 2010 BMC Genomics; Du et al. 2010 Plant 
Journal). We are part of Purdue University Agricultural Genomics Center 
equipped with the state of the art genomics and bioinformatics facilities, 
and are member of the Plant Biology and Molecular Evolutionary Genetics 
training groups of Purdue University Interdisciplinary Life Science Program 
(PULSe). 

Applicants should have a PhD degree in Genetics/Genomics, 
Bioinformatics/Computational Biology, or related disciplines. Familiarity 
with computer programming (e.g., PERL) and experience with genomic data 
mining and sequence analyses are highly desirable. Experience with basic 
molecular techniques is a plus. Salary is commensurate with experience and 
qualifications. 

Please email your cover letter, curriculum vitae, and names and addresses of 
three references to Dr. Jianxin Ma (maj@purdue.edu), Department of Agronomy, 
Purdue University, West Lafayette, IN 47907. 

Purdue University is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer. 
