Post-Doctoral Fellowship Opportunity 

Functional Genomics of Chlamydomonas 
(Photosynthesis / Cilia / Acclimation) 

Stanford, CA 


July 28, 2010 

A postdoctoral position is available in the laboratory of Dr. Martin 
Jonikas at the Carnegie Institution for Science, Department of Plant 
Biology at Stanford. 

Our young lab is developing cutting-edge functional genomics tools for 
the green alga Chlamydomonas. We aim to systematically dissect the 
genetic and physical interactions of hundreds of target genes. Our 
data will open doors to the study of poorly characterized genes with 
roles in photosynthesis, cilia biology and more broadly how organisms 
acclimate to new environments. 

I am dedicated to providing my lab members with a nurturing training 
environment. We have several projects available which will introduce 
you to next-generation sequencing, high-throughput microscopy, and/or 
high-throughput immunoprecipitation/mass-spectrometry. The data we 
collect will build a solid foundation on which you can develop an 
independent research program. Several of our projects involve close 
collaborations with Chlamydomonas expert Arthur Grossman and other 
senior faculty, which will provide additional opportunities for 
guidance and mentorship. 

We are physically located on Stanford campus and have access to many 
of its resources in addition to our own. Moreover, Stanford's 
excellent location and year-round sunny and warm climate offers a 
pleasant setting for work and home life. 

The ideal applicant will be highly motivated, have a PhD degree, a 
strong academic record, research experience in the biological, 
chemical or physical sciences, and fluent English language skills. 
Previous experience with plant biology and molecular biology is 
preferred. 

To apply, please e-mail a statement of research interests, CV and have 
three letters of recommendations sent to jonikas1@stanford.edu. 
Informal inquiries are also welcome. 
