A three-year postdoctoral position to study floral developmental genetics is 
available as of August 1 2007 in the laboratory of Elena Kramer in the 
department of Organismic and Evolutionary Biology at Harvard University, 
Cambridge MA. The project involves the use of the lower eudicot genus Aquilegia 
as a model to understand the evolution of the floral organ identity genetic 
program.  Our lab is part of a larger collaborative group that has developed a 
range of genetic & genomic tools for Aquilegia, including an EST database, 
oligonucleotide arrays, integrated genetic and physical genome maps, and reverse 
genetic techniques (see Gould and Kramer 2007 and Kramer et al. 2007).

Responsibilities of the successful candidate will include conducting reverse 
genetic studies of floral organ identity gene function, using laser capture 
microdissection to investigate the divergence of developmental pathways in 
stamens and staminodia, and using microarray-based studies to identify 
candidates for petal spur and nectary specification. Development of additional 
areas of interest within the scope of the project is encouraged.  Candidates 
must have strong backgrounds in genetics and molecular biology. Prior experience 
with plant biology is desirable, but not essential.

Applications should include a cover letter detailing research interests and 
experience, a curriculum vitae, and the names of three references. Applications 
should be sent as single PDF files to Dr. Elena Kramer at 
ekramer@oeb.harvard.edu, with the subject line AQUILEGIA POSTDOC. Review of 
applications will begin immediately and will continue until the position is 
filled.

Harvard University is an Equal Opportunity Employer.

