Postdoctoral position in plant development at University of Maryland

A postdoc position is open immediately in the laboratory of Dr.
Zhongchi Liu's lab to investigate the role of phytohormone auxin in
flower and fruit development in diploid strawberry (Fragaria vesca)
using both genomic and genetic approaches. A more detailed description
of the project can be found at this project website
(http://bioinformatics.towson.edu/strawberry/Default.aspx). The
project is a collaborative effort between Zhongchi Liu's lab and the
labs of Janet Slovin at USDA and Nadim Alkharouf at Towson Univ.
The Liu lab is located in the newly constructed Bioscience Research
Building on the campus of Univ. of Maryland, College Park with
state-of-the-art facilities and highly interactive scientific
environment. The lab website can be found at
http://www.life.umd.edu/cbmg/faculty/liu/lab/. College Park is in the
suburb of the US capital Washington DC with easy access to public
transportations and to many scientific, cultural, and educational
institutions. Please contact Dr. Zhongchi Liu (zhongchil@gmail.com) if
you need additional information regarding the position.

We are seeking a well-trained and highly-motivated scientist with a
recent PhD degree in biological sciences. Prior research experience in
plant biology is not necessary but prior experience in a genetic model
system is preferred. To apply, please submit your CV, a statement of
why you are interested in this project or this lab, a description of
your research and career goals, summary of past research experiences,
and names of three references to zhongchil@gmail.com. Materials should
be in PDF format. 
