Principal Investigator on Metabolomics*

The Center for Signal Transduction and Metabolomics (/C/-STM) is a newly
established research center at the Institute of Botany, Chinese Academy
of Sciences, aiming to understand fundamental questions on plant
development and defenses (for more information, please visit:
http://cstm.ibcas.ac.cn/index_en.htm) . C-STM is equipped with major
facilities needed for molecular and cell biological research. We are
seeking for an outstanding scientist to fill in the position of
Principle Investigators (at the full professor level) and to set up
his/her own independent group in plant metabolomics research.

Successful candidates should have a PhD degree, no less than two years
of post-doctoral experience, demonstrated record of excellence in plant
metabolomics research. The candidate should be younger than 45 years
old, be willing to collaborate, have acceptable communication and
management skills. The starting package includes 200M2 lab and office
space, 1.5 million RMB start-up funding, a supporting lab manager,
housing subsidy and an annual salary of 120-150K RMB. All PIs are
expected to actively attract external funding from national and
international granting agencies. The position will open till the
position is filled. For application, please send your CV, 3 names of
referee, and research plan to Prof. Chun-ming Liu (cmliu@ibcas.ac.cn
<mailto:cmliu@ibcas.ac.cn>).

Professor Chun-Ming Liu Center for Signal Transduction & Metabolomics 
(C-STM) Institute of Botany, Chinese Academy of Sciences Nanxincun 20, Frangrance Hill Beijing 100093, 
China Tel and Fax: 010-6283-6663 Email: cmliu@ibcas.ac.cn http://cstm.ibcas.ac.cn/ http://www.hybtech.org/Liu.htm 