Postdoctoral Position in Soybean Genetics and Genomics 

A full-time Postdoctoral Research Associate position in Soybean Genetics and 
Genomics is available in the Department of Agronomy at Purdue University. 
The successful candidate will apply integrated approaches (such as QTL 
mapping, association mapping, genome scan, reverse genetics, and comparative 
genomics) to identifying and characterizing genes/QTLs that underlie complex 
traits in soybean, and be expected to contribute to a variety of studies on 
structural, functional and evolutionary genomics in Dr. Jianxin Ma's 
laboratory (see our recent work at 
http://www.ag.purdue.edu/agry/Pages/maj.aspx). We are part of Purdue 
University Agricultural Genomics Center equipped with the state of the art 
genomics and bioinformatics facility, and are involved in the Plant Biology 
and Molecular Evolutionary Genetics training groups of Purdue University 
Interdisciplinary Life Science Program (PULSe). 
Applicants should have a PhD in Plant Genetics and Breeding, Plant Molecular 
Biology, Computational Biology or related discipline. Experience in DNA/RNA 
hands-on techniques (e.g., RT-PCR, sequencing and sequence analysis, 
recombinant DNA and transformation technologies), linkage and association 
mapping, and/or comparative genomics is highly desired. Experience in high 
throughput genomic data mining and bioinformatics (e.g., PERL programming) 
would be a definite plus. Salary is commensurate with experience and 
qualifications. The position will be available from May 1, 2011 or shortly 
thereafter. 

Please email your cover letter, curriculum vitae, and names and addresses of 
three references to Dr. Jianxin Ma (maj@purdue.edu<mailto:maj@purdue.edu>), 
Department of Agronomy, Purdue University, West Lafayette, IN 47907. 
Purdue University is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer. 
