Postdoctoral Position in Plant Genomics and Molecular Genetics

A full-time Postdoctoral Research Associate position in Plant Genomics and
Molecular Genetics is available in the Department of Agronomy at Purdue
University. The successful candidate will apply translational genomics
approaches to identifying and characterizing genes/QTLs that underlie
complex traits in soybean, and be expected to contribute to a variety of
studies on structural, functional and evolutionary genomics in Dr. Jianxin
Ma's laboratory (see some recent publications, Tian et al. 2009 Genome
Research, Tian et al. 2010 PNAS; Du et al. 2010 Plant Cell, Du et al. 2010
BMC Genomics). We are part of Purdue University Agricultural Genomics Center
equipped with the state of the art genomics and bioinformatics facilities,
and are involved in the Plant Biology and Molecular Evolutionary Genetics
training groups of Purdue University Interdisciplinary Life Science Program
(PULSe).

Applicants should have a PhD in Plant Genetics/Genomics, Plant Molecular
Biology, Computational Biology or related discipline. Experience in DNA/RNA
hands-on techniques (e.g., RT-PCR, sequencing and sequence analysis,
recombinant DNA and transformation technologies), linkage and association
mapping, and/or comparative genomics is highly desired. Experience in high
throughput genomic data mining and bioinformatics (e.g., PERL programming)
would be a definite plus. Salary is commensurate with experience and
qualifications.

Please email your cover letter, curriculum vitae, and names and addresses of
three references to Dr. Jianxin Ma (maj@purdue.edu<mailto:maj@purdue.edu>),
Department of Agronomy, Purdue University, West Lafayette, IN 47907.
Purdue University is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer. 
