Excellence in Plant Molecular Biology/Biotechnology Graduate
Fellowship Program at Ohio State University
The Plant Molecular Biology/Biotechnology (PMBB) Program at The Ohio
State University is being dramatically expanded as a Targeted
Investment for Excellence initiative by Ohio State. PMBB is an
interdisciplinary group that includes faculty members from the
Colleges of Biological Sciences and Food, Agriculture and
Environmental Sciences. PMBB research programs conduct molecular
studies on the cutting edge of plant science, including plant
development, plant signaling, plant metabolic engineering,
photosynthesis biochemistry, and plant-pathogen interactions. For the
fourth straight year, PMBB invites outstanding students seeking to
earn a Ph.D. in plant science from any of the participating graduate
programs at OSU to apply for Excellence in Plant Molecular
Biology/Biotechnology Graduate Fellowships. The fellowships provide
up to four years of support, including stipend ($25K/year), full
benefits, tuition and fee waivers, and travel opportunities.
Application instructions and detailed information, including a
directory of PMBB faculty and participating graduate programs, is
available at: http://www.ag.ohio-state.edu/~pmbb/

Requirements: (1) PhD in Plant Biology, Bioinformatics, Biochemistry,
Molecular Biology, or related discipline and (2) demonstrated
expertise in bioinformatics, genomics, biochemistry, or molecular
biology, including knowledge of computational tools required for
genetic database searches, genome annotations, whole genome
comparisons, large data set analyses. Must be familiar with Linux and
at least one of the scripting languages such as Perl, C, C++, Java or
Python, and with MySQL databases. Postdoctoral experience is highly
desirable.

For more information please contact Dr. Tea Meulia,
<mailto:meulia.1@osu.edu>meulia.1@osu.edu
Apply on line at http://jobs.osu.edu, job requisition #348254 
