Research Scientist Position at Ohio State University
The Kottman Hall Translational Plant Sciences laboratory (KH-TPS) is
a core research facility of The Ohio State University and is seeking
applicants for a research scientist with strong expertise in
bioinformatics. The successful candidate will supervise and
coordinate all core laboratory activities including the use and
maintenance of a range of analytical and molecular biology equipment,
and user training and assistance. Main duties will include providing
bioinformatics support and implementing new computational tools for
genomics, proteomics, and metabolomics research. The scientist will
be responsible for maintaining the laboratory operating budget and
for facilitating the acquisition of extramural funds for new
equipment, facility maintenance and improvement. He or she will
conduct collaborative research in the bioinformatics area, advise
faculty and train students in data analysis and interpretation, and
will contribute to project development with faculty, including grant
proposal preparation.

Requirements: (1) PhD in Plant Biology, Bioinformatics, Biochemistry,
Molecular Biology, or related discipline and (2) demonstrated
expertise in bioinformatics, genomics, biochemistry, or molecular
biology, including knowledge of computational tools required for
genetic database searches, genome annotations, whole genome
comparisons, large data set analyses. Must be familiar with Linux and
at least one of the scripting languages such as Perl, C, C++, Java or
Python, and with MySQL databases. Postdoctoral experience is highly
desirable.

For more information please contact Dr. Tea Meulia,
<mailto:meulia.1@osu.edu>meulia.1@osu.edu
Apply on line at http://jobs.osu.edu, job requisition #348254 
