PhD student and Post-Doc positions open in Plant Biology, University
of Helsinki


In Plant Growth Dynamics group

PhD student and post doctoral positions are available in the newly
established research group lead by Ari Pekka Mähönen at Institute of
Biotechnology, University of Helsinki, Finland. The goal of the group
is to understand the function of cambium and especially the cambial
stem cells, the founder cells for all wood. In the project, Cre-loxP
based clonal analysis system is utilized to undergo a cell lineage
analysis of the cambial cells both in wild-type and in mutants.
Molecular genetics and advanced microscopy will be used as approaches
to study the fate of cambial cells in the model species Arabidopsis
thaliana.

Applicants with strong background in developmental genetics, plant
molecular biology and/or cell biology are encouraged to apply.
Applicants should send 1) a cover letter describing previous
achievements, future career ambitions and motivation for this
position; 2) Curriculum vitae with a list of publications and contact
information of two referees to email address:
AriPekka.Mahonen-at-helsinki.fi.


In Wood Development group

The genome wide sequence information will provide many new
opportunities for functional studies. Applicants are searched to carry
out research on wood development (PI: Ykä Helariutta) in tree species
(Populus, Betula) and Arabidopsis with focus on the role of the plant
hormones in controlling regulatory networks.

Applicants should send 1) a cover letter describing previous
achievements, future career ambitions and motivation for this
position; 2) Curriculum vitae with a list of publications and contact
information of two referees to email address:
yrjo.helariutta-at-helsinki.fi.


The deadline for applications is September 15th, 2011. However, the
position can be filled earlier if a suitable candidate is found.

