POSTDOCTORAL POSITION

An NSF-funded postdoctoral position is available October 1, 2010 to
investigate the function of nuclear pore proteins during the plant
cell cycle. We investigate proteins associated with the inner and
outer surface of the Arabidopsis nuclear pore that are involved in the
Ran cycle, nucleocytoplasmic trafficking, and sumoylation of nuclear
proteins. Currently, we are most excited about newly discovered
cell-cycle functions of these proteins away from the nuclear pore. For
publications see: Xu et al. (2008) Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A.
105(47):18637-42; Zhao et al. (2008) Plant Cell 20, 1639-1651; Xu et
al. (2007) Curr Biol. 17: 1157-1163; Xu et al. (2007) Plant Cell 19:
1537-1548; Xu and Meier (2008) Trends in Plant Sci. 13, 1-50; and
Brkljacic and Meier (2009) Curr. Opin. Plant Biol 12, 87-95. More
recent, unpublished findings and projects will be discussed with
interviewing candidates.
We are located at The Ohio State University in Columbus, Ohio. For
more information on our scientific environment and our research
facilities, please see: Department of Plant Cellular and Molecular
Biology: http://www.biosci.ohio-state.edu/~plantbio/plantbio.html

Department of Molecular Genetics: http://www.osumolgen.org; and the
Plant Molecular Biology and Biotechnology Program:
http://pmbb.osu.edu/index.php; Columbus is a safe and green urban
center of one million with an international flavor and a pleasant
level of sophistication.

To apply, please send a CV, a brief statement of research experience
and research interests, and the names of three references (including
address, phone, and email) to meier.56@osu.edu. Successful
postdoctoral candidates will have a Ph.D., solid experience in either
Arabidopsis molecular genetics or state-of-the-art cell biology, and a
proven record of productivity, as evidenced by publications in
internationally recognized journals. I will be attending ICAR 2010 in
Yokohama and will be happy to interview selected candidates during the
meeting.

