Postdoctoral Position in Plant Molecular and Cellular Biology

Position available at the Laboratory of Biochemistry and Plant
Biotechnology, Instituto de Hortofruticultura Subtropical y
Mediterranea "La Mayora" Universidad de Malaga-Consejo Superior de
Investigaciones Cientificas(IHSM-UMA-CSIC) for a period of 2 year. The
position in our research group is supported by the Spanish Ministry of
Science and Education.

Project description. The project addresses the analysis of Arabidopsis
plants transformed with transcription factors (TFs) under the control
of inducible promoters. The analysis will determined which TFs have an
impact in the tolerance to various abiotic stresses. Those newly
identified TFs will be then analyzed in detail to determine the
mechanisms of such phenotypes using several "OMIC" approaches. This
project will be performed as part of a large collaborative effort
involving many groups.

Requirements. Highly motivated candidates with a background in
genetics, molecular biology, cell biology, and/or biochemistry of
Arabidopsis thaliana are invited for application. Practical expertise
in some of the following techniques will be of major advantage:
molecular cloning of plasmid constructs for protein expression in
bacteria, yeast and/or plants, protein expression and purification,
Western blotting, immunofluorescence microscopy and/or imaging of
fluorescent proteins by confocal laser scanning microscopy,
Arabidopsis genetics (e.g. double transgenic construction). Good
English communication and writing skills are required.

If you are interested, please contact group leader Dr. Miguel
A. Botella at mabotella@uma.es. Applicants should submit their CV as
well as contact information of two referees. For more information
about our lab have a look at http://www.uma.es/lbbv 
