Postdoctoral Fellow at the Australian National University, Faculty of
Science, 


 


Academic Level A - Fixed Term, 3 years


 

Salary Range: $59,397 - $69,166 pa plus 17% super

 

A Postdoctoral Fellow position at the School of Biochemistry and Molecular
Biology is available for a highly motivated scientist interested in
understanding how microRNAs regulate gene expression and development in
plants. The applicant will join a small team that is using genetic and
molecular approaches studying the miR159/GAMYB system in Arabidopsis. Some
of the currents aims of the group include defining the number of genes
miR159 targets, mechanisms by which miR159 regulate their targets, structure
/function analysis of miR159 and expression and regulation of the MIR159
genes. The appointee will be expected to lead projects in one (or more) of
these areas using genetic, molecular and genomic approaches. There will be
opportunities to supervise other laboratory staff and students as well as
opportunities to collaborate with scientists from CSIRO, Division of Plant
Industry. Excellent communication and organizational skills are essential as
is a background in molecular biology. Experience with small RNA and
Arabidopsis would be an advantage. 

 

Candidates should have, or expect shortly to receive, a PhD in molecular
biology. 

 

Please include the names and addresses of three referees

 

Selection Criteria: http://info.anu.edu.au/hr/jobs/ or from Jennifer Flett,
T: 02 6125 2280, E: Jennifer.flett@anu.edu.au

 

For anymore information regarding the position please contact  - Dr Tony
Millar, T: 612 6125 2870 , E:  <mailto:tony.millar@anu.edu.au>
tony.millar@anu.edu.au.

 

http://www.anu.edu.au/bambi/people/academic/Millar.php

 

Information for applicants:
http://info.anu.edu.au/hr/Jobs/How_to_Apply/index.asp 

Job Application Cover sheet:
<http://info.anu.edu.au/policies/Forms/Human_Resources/Recruitment/HR86.asp>
http://info.anu.edu.au/policies/Forms/Human_Resources/Recruitment/HR86.asp 

 

Closing Date:            24 February 2007

 

Canberra is Australia's national capital, a smallest city of 320 K people
but with a large and dynamic plant biology research community. There are
numerous recreational opportunities in and around Canberra, which is closely
located to Sydney, pristine coastline, the snow country and many other
national parks. 
