SGN MetaCyc Curator position 

PROJECT DESCRIPTION 
SGN has an open position for a MetaCyc curator. MetaCyc is the large 
biochemical pathway database created and hosted by SRI International 
in Menlo Park, California, http://www.metacyc.org/ . MetaCyc is used 
as a reference database for hundreds of biochemical pathway databases 
around the world, and has been used to build databases such as AraCyc 
(http://www.arabidopsis.org/tools/biocyc/) and SolCyc (http://solcyc.solgenomics.net/ ), which are used by 
researchers to analyze large-scale genomics data, such as from 
microarray, RNA-Seq and metabolomics experiments. 

JOB DESCRIPTION 
The successful candidate will annotate new biochemical pathways into 
the MetaCyc database, and improve the annotation of existing pathways, 
with a strong focus on biochemical pathways found in higher plants and 
fungi, particularly secondary metabolite pathways. The project is 
based on Pathway Tools software, which offers a graphical user 
interface for annotation work. Some annotation work may require 
writing custom scripts in Lisp or Perl, such as for bulk annotation 
efforts. The job location is at the Boyce Thompson Institute for Plant 
Research, Ithaca, NY, USA, as part of the SGN group 
(http://solgenomics.net/ ). 

REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS 
PhD or equivalent experience in biochemistry or related field, a 
strong interest in informatics and programming, and a meticulous work 
ethic are essential. Knowledge of biochemistry required. 

HOW TO APPLY 
Interested applicants should contact Lukas Mueller by email 
(LAM87@cornell.edu) with "MetaCyc Curator position" in the subject line 