TWO ASSISTANT PROFESSOR POSITIONS
IN GENETICS, CELL & MOLECULAR BIOLOGY

The Department of Biochemistry and Cellular and Molecular Biology (BCMB) at
the University of Tennessee, Knoxville seeks to fill two tenure-track
faculty positions at the assistant professor level to begin August 1, 2012
in the area of Genetics, Cell & Molecular Biology. Candidates should be
working on fundamental questions of modern cell biology/genetics using model
organisms (animal, plant, fungal, or bacterial). The successful applicants
will be expected to develop a first-class, externally funded research
program, to provide state-of-the-art training for graduate students and
postdoctoral researchers, and to contribute to the teaching mission of the
BCMB department.

Successful candidates will join an interactive group of researchers with
strengths in signal transduction, molecular genetics, cell biology and
neurobiology in a variety of model systems. Ample opportunities for
interactions with a strong group of biochemists, structural and
computational biologists are available within the BCMB department as well as
at the nearby Oak Ridge National Laboratories (ORNL). More information about
the department can be found at http://www.bio.utk.edu/bcmb.

The Knoxville campus of the University of Tennessee is seeking candidates
who have the ability to contribute in meaningful ways to the diversity and
intercultural goals of the University. Required qualifications include a
Ph.D. and postdoctoral experience in the areas of Genetics, Cell & Molecular
Biology, evidence of significant scientific productivity, and a commitment
to an integrated research program that includes teaching graduate and
undergraduate students. Interested candidates should send their applications
consisting of cover letter, resume, description of research experience and
of the proposed research program, and arrange for three letters of reference
to be sent to: Dr. Andreas Nebenf√ºhr, Chair of the Faculty Search Committee,
at bcmbsearch@utk.edu. Review of applications will begin on October 1, 2011
and will continue until the position is filled.

The University of Tennessee is an EEO/AA/Title VI/Title IX/Section
504/ADA/ADEA institution in the provision of its education and employment
programs and services. All qualified applicants will receive equal
consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender
identity, age, physical or mental disability, or covered veteran status.

