Tenure Track Assistant Prof. Position--Biochem & Mol Biol UMASS Amherst

The Department of Biochemistry & Molecular Biology at the University 
of Massachusetts, Amherst invites applications from Ph.D.-level 
scientists for a tenure-track position at the level of ASSISTANT 
PROFESSOR. We seek candidates with research programs in topics that 
complement existing Departmental and campus strengths in cellular 
biochemistry, including signal transduction, membrane biology, 
metabolism, gene expression and regulation, and cytoskeletal 
organization. We are particularly interested in individuals who study 
plant systems. The successful candidate will be expected to 
contribute to ongoing interdisciplinary programs focused on renewable 
energy, cellular engineering, and research at the interface of 
chemistry and biology. He/she will have access to students from 
several interdepartmental graduate programs and will be expected to 
participate in teaching at both undergraduate and graduate levels. 

The Five College Consortium, comprised of Smith College, Amherst 
College, Mount Holyoke College, Hampshire College, and the University 
of Massachusetts Amherst, provides a rich academic and intellectual 
environment. The Department is strongly committed to increasing the 
diversity of the faculty, student body, and curriculum. 

Applicants should send curriculum vitae, a description of research 
interests, and arrange for three letters of recommendation to be sent 
electronically to: Prof. Jennifer Normanly at bmbsearch@biochem.umass.edu 
  or BMB Search, Biochemistry & Molecular Biology, LGRT 913, 710 N. 
Pleasant St., University of Massachusetts, Amherst, MA 01003. Review 
of applications will begin October 15, 2010 and continue until the 
position is filled. 

The University of Massachusetts is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. Women and members of minority groups are 
encouraged to apply. 
