The Department of Biochemistry & Molecular Biology invites applications from
Ph.D.-level scientists for a tenure-track position at the level of ASSISTANT
PROFESSOR. We seek candidates working in areas of plant biochemistry and
molecular biology that complement existing Departmental and campus strengths
in cellular biochemistry, including signal transduction, membrane biology,
metabolism, gene expression and regulation, and cytoskeletal organization.
 The position is one of several on campus to expand an existing cluster
focused on biofuels and renewable energy research. We are particularly
interested in candidates that complement ongoing programs within The
Institute of Massachusetts Biofuels Research (TIMBR), an interdisciplinary
group of biologists, chemists and engineers focused on renewable energy.
 The successful candidate will have access to students from several
interdepartmental graduate programs and will participate in teaching at both
undergraduate and graduate levels.
 The Five College Consortium, comprised of Smith College, Amherst College,
Mount Holyoke College, Hampshire College, and the University of
Massachusetts Amherst, provides a rich academic and intellectual
environment. The Department is strongly committed to increasing the
diversity of the faculty, student body, and curriculum.
 Applicants should send curriculum vitae, a description of research
interests, and three letters of recommendation to: Prof. Jennifer Normanly
at pbsearch@biochem.umass.edu or Biofuels/Renewable Energy Search,
Biochemistry & Molecular Biology, LGRT 913, 710 N. Pleasant St., University
of Massachusetts, Amherst, MA 01003. Review of applications will begin
January 15, 2010 and continue until the position is filled.


The University of Massachusetts is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity
Employer. Women and members of minority groups are encouraged to apply.
