Two year post-doctoral position in the 
Seed Biology Laboratory, INRA, 
Versailles, France. 
 
An INRA financed position is available to work with 
Helen North on the study of the role of cellulose and 
its synthesis in Arabidopsis seed mucilage. Work in 
the group aims to identify key genes required for the 
synthesis and release of seed mucilage (Macquet et 
al. Plant Cell 2007). Recent results have shown that 
Arabidopsis seed mucilage is composed of different 
layers and domains the most internal of which 
contains cellulose (Macquet et al. Plant Cell Physiol. 
2007). The post-doctoral researcher will use mutants 
and gene reporter constructs to identify which 
cellulose synthases are required to produce this 
cellulose and carry out functional analysis to 
determine its contribution to mucilage structural 
organisation. The Seed Biology Laboratory is part of 
the Jean-Pierre Bourgin Institute (IJPB) based on the 
INRA Versailles site. This recently created Institute 
comprises around 190 permanent staff and 100 non-
permanent lab members. The position is open 
immediately with a starting salary of 28800 ¤ pa. 
Candidates should have a PhD degree and be 
experienced in plant genetics, molecular biology and 
biochemistry. Previous work in the domain of plant 
polysaccharides would be an advantage. Applicants 
should send a curriculum vitae including the names 
and addresses of two referees, and a cover letter 
tohelen.north@versailles.inra.fr or Dr Helen North, 
Institut Jean-Pierre Bourgin, Seed Biology 
Laboratory, UMR 204 INRA, AgroParisTech, Route de 
St Cyr, 78026 Versailles, France.
