FACULTY POSITION IN PLANT QUANTITATIVE AND ASSOCIATION GENETICS



The Departments of Plant Biology and Genetics at the University of Georgia
have committed to recruiting several additional faculty in the area of plant
genomics.  In the past two years, the University has hired seven new faculty
in this field, and additional hires in this area of excellence are planned.
This year, we invite applications for a tenure-track position at the level
of Assistant Professor investigating the quantitative and association
genetics of plants. We are seeking a scientist using molecular genetic,
genomic and/or bioinformatic approaches to study fundamental questions in
plant biology.  For information about the Departments, see
www.plantbio.uga.edu and www.genetics.uga.edu.

A single PDF document containing the application should be uploaded directly
to http://www.plantbio.uga.edu/positions.html . This single PDF file should
include a cover letter, CV, and brief statements of research and teaching
interests. Three letters of recommendation should also be sent by the
recommenders as a PDF file either to the url listed above or to the e-mail
address quantgen@plantbio.uga.edu , or as a hard copy to the Plant
Quantitative and Association Genetics Search Committee, Department of
Genetics, Davison Life Sciences Building, University of Georgia, Athens, GA
30602-7223.  Review of applications will begin on November 5, 2007.  To
receive full consideration, applications must be completed by December 14,
2007.

The University of Georgia is an AA/EEO institution. The Departments of Plant
Biology and Genetics and the Franklin College of Arts and Sciences are
committed to increasing the diversity of their faculty and strongly
encourage applications from individuals in under-represented groups in the
life sciences.


