A Postdoctoral Fellow position is available to study the biochemical and
molecular mechanism of plant mRNA polyadenylation, and its role in gene
expression regulation, plant growth and development, and responses to
environmental stimuli.  Funded by the US National Science Foundation, the
goal of the project is to understand the functions of a set of proteins and
their encoding genes in mRNA 3¹-end formation.  We are using two main
approaches: biochemical tools to explore the roles of the proteins, and
functional genomic tools to study the role of the genes.  For further
information about the project and recent publications, please visit
http://www.polyA.org.

A Ph.D. in plant biology, biochemistry, genetics, or related fields is
required.  Experience in molecular biology, biochemistry, and/or genetics
research is essential.  Knowledge of functional genomics and/or
bioinformatics is desirable.  The initial appointment will be for one year,
and the reappointment will depend on successful performance and contingent
on funding.

Interested individuals should send an application package through e-mail (a
cover letter detailing experience; CV; publication reprints; and names,
telephone numbers and e-mail addresses of three references) to: Dr. Q. Quinn
Li, Botany Department, Miami University, Oxford, Ohio 45056, USA; e-mail:
liq(at)muohio.edu. Evaluation of applications will begin on August 27, 2008,
until the position is filled.

Miami University is a highly ranked public university located on southwest
Ohio.  It has state-of-the-art research facilities.  The Botany Department
is one of the top ranked botany departments in the USA.

Miami University is an EOE/AA employer with smoke-free campuses.  For
information regarding campus crime and safety, visit
www.muohio.edu/righttoknow.  Hard copy upon request.
