Postdoctoral Position
Regulation of pathogen defense by epigenetic mechanisms and by miRNAs

A postdoctoral position is immediately available in the laboratory of Dr.
Ramesh Raina at Syracuse University to participate in one or more of the
ongoing research projects focusing on understanding the molecular mechanisms
regulating pathogen defense in Arabidopsis. The first project involves
understanding epigenetic mechanisms regulating pathogen defenses. We have
recently identified and characterized an Arabidopsis histone demethylase
that is required for defense against pathogens. This project will involve
detailed characterization of this protein and identification of downstream
targets of this protein by ChIP analysis, and characterization of role of
additional members of this family in pathogen defense and other stresses.
The second project involves understanding regulation of pathogen defense by
miRNAs. We have recently identified a novel miRNA that is strongly induced
in response to avirulent bacterial pathogens. This project involves detailed
characterization of this miRNA including regulation of its expression,
biogenesis and role in pathogen defense.

This position is available for 3 years. Candidate should have a Ph.D. in
molecular biology, genetics, biochemistry or a related discipline.
Experience with ChIP analysis and/or next generation sequencing is
desirable. The successful candidate must be able to independently design and
conduct experiments, and willing to work collaboratively with other members
of the laboratory.

Interested individuals should submit a CV, a statement of research
experience and interests, and name and contact information of three referees
as a SINGLE PDF file to raraina@syr.edu<mailto:raraina@syr.edu> .

Syracuse University is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. 
