Independent Research Fellowships at John Innes Centre, Norwich, UK 


The John Innes Centre, Norwich, UK is actively encouraging Independent
Research Fellows to consider undertaking their fellowships at JIC, where
they can benefit from our outstanding facilities and excellent research
base. We are therefore inviting researchers who hold or are intending to
apply for Independent Fellowships (e.g. BBSRC David Phillips
Fellowships) to take part in a Conference on 5/6 June 2006 to see at
first hand our facilities and meet our staff. Researchers who are
invited to take part in this Conference will have the opportunity to
give a presentation of their work and attend an interview to discuss
their science and career plans.

We will offer suitable applicants the opportunity to either relocate
their Fellowship to JIC or offer guidance to those who are applying for
Independent Fellowships to be held at JIC. On successful completion of a
Fellowship, JIC will consider offering tenure track positions depending
on the appropriateness of the research to our long-term plans.

Research Fellows will be encouraged to participate fully in the
activities of their host Department at JIC and will be assigned a mentor
to assist with the integrative process and career development. There are
also excellent opportunities for researchers to develop their scientific
and transferable skills training.

Eligibility Requirements:

*	A relevant PhD, and experience at post-doctoral level 
*	An excellent publication record (or other proof of research
success) 
*	A coherent and well-developed research plan 

Offers of a place will be dependent upon researchers holding or gaining
a Fellowship that will fully fund their position.

How to Apply

Please send the following to dee.rawsthorne@bbsrc.ac.uk
<mailto:dee.rawsthorne@bbsrc.ac.uk?subject=Independent Research
Fellowships> :

*	Your curriculum vitae 
*	A 2 page summary of your research plan 
*	Three references in support of your application 

The closing date for receipt of applications is 21st April 2006

You will be informed of the success or otherwise of your application by
Friday 12th May.

Asylum and Immigration Action (1996) In accordance with the Asylum and
Immigration Act (1996), if you are successful in your application for a
place you will be required to provide, before you start work,
appropriate documentation to evidence that you are legally entitled to
live and work in the UK. If you are offered a place further details
about this requirement will be enclosed with the formal written offer of
employment.

John Innes Centre (http://www.jic.ac.uk/ <http://www.jic.ac.uk/> )
JIC is an independent, international centre of excellence in plant
science and microbiology located on the Norwich Research Park, UK. Our
mission is to carry out fundamental and strategic research, to train
scientists and to make our findings available to society. JIC is an
integrated bioscience centre employing over 850 staff where a wide range
of disciplines drawn from biology, chemistry and information technology
are used to study plants and microbes at the genetic, molecular,
cellular and whole organism level. Work on organisms that are ideal for
scientific research is carefully integrated with studies on economically
important species. 
The science programme is shared among six research departments
(http://www.jic.ac.uk/corporate/science-departments/index.htm
<http://www.jic.ac.uk/corporate/science-departments/index.htm> ), each
working in on one broad area of science supported by smaller units, with
expertise in specialised areas, providing scientific expertise,
facilities and platform technologies to the Centre. The JIC
Computational Biology group and the JIC Genome Laboratory conduct
research and provide platform technologies for scientists working in
genomic sciences both around the Norwich Research Park and UK.

Norwich Research Park (http://www.nrp.org.uk/ <http://www.nrp.org.uk/> )

JIC is on the Norwich Research Park set in over 400 acres of parkland on
the outskirts of East Anglia's historic market city, Norwich. Around
6500 research scientists and additional support staff are based on the
Park, at one or more of the major NRP member organisations which
includes the University of East Anglia <http://www.uea.ac.uk/> , three
independent research centres (the John Innes Centre, the Institute of
Food Research <http://www.ifr.ac.uk/>  and the Sainsbury Laboratory
<http://www.jic.bbsrc.ac.uk/sainsbury-lab/> ) and the Norfolk and
Norwich University Hospital <http://www.nnuh.nhs.uk/> . There is also a
Bio-Incubator <http://www.norbio.com/>  and a number of start-up and
spin-out companies <http://www.nrp.org.uk/tenants.htm> , making the NRP
a vibrant place to do research. A major strength is the
multi-disciplinary approach to research, due to the breadth of expertise
and the synergy between the key members. Major areas of research include
plant and microbial science, food research, health, the environment and
information systems.

Norwich, Norfolk, UK (http://www.visitnorfolk.co.uk/
<http://www.visitnorfolk.co.uk/> )
A visit to Norfolk offers a refreshing escape from the hustle and bustle
of busy Britain. Around every corner you will find pretty villages and
historic churches, miles and miles of unspoilt beaches, countryside and
rivers teeming with wildlife and relaxed towns and a city with wonderful
shops and tempting cafes. A strong cultural heritage has seen Norwich
maintain the best of its historical character whilst developing to
become one of the most vibrant and attractive cities in Europe. Norwich
has been a thriving trading city for the last 900 years and for much of
that time was England?s second city after London. The Cathedral, the
Castle, the Royal Arcade, the University of East Anglia and the Forum
are all exemplars of high quality design and architecture across the
ages. Major recent developments include the 42-acre Riverside leisure,
retail and residential development, the Chapelfield shopping development
and the Norfolk and Norwich Hospital. The city is consistently rated as
one of the top ten shopping venues in the UK and is a founder member of
the Cultural Cities Network. The city is surrounded by beautiful
countryside and within easy reach of the sea. A wide variety of visitors
come to the region every year to enjoy boating on the Broads, the
protected nature and wildlife habitats as well as differing traditions
of seaside towns.

If you require any additional information or have any questions
regarding your application please do not hesitate to contact
dee.rawsthorne@bbsrc.ac.uk
<mailto:dee.rawsthorne@bbsrc.ac.uk?subject=Independent Research
Fellowships> 



 
Dee Rawsthorne
John Innes Centre
Norwich Research Park
Colney
Norwich NR4 7UH
 
Direct Line: 44 (0)1603 450528
Fax: 44 (0)1603 450015
E mail: dee.rawsthorne@bbsrc.ac.uk
 

Join the Friends of the John Innes Centre
http://www.jic.ac.uk/corporate/friends/index.htm
<http://www.jic.ac.uk/corporate/friends/index.htm> 

Are you a former employee, student, post-doc or project leader? If so,
make sure we have your details on our Alumni Database and keep up to
date with news from John Innes
http://www.jic.ac.uk/corporate/friends/alumni-association.htm
<http://www.jic.ac.uk/corporate/friends/alumni-association.htm> 

www.plantsandus.org.uk <http://www.plantsandus.org.uk/>  - Plants and Us
- an innovative new charity devoted to promoting understanding about
plants and plant science. 


