John Innes Centre, Norwich 

Group Leader Positions 

The John Innes Centre is an independent, international centre of excellence 
in plant science and microbiology (full details on http://www.jic.ac.uk). 
Our mission is to carry out fundamental research that underpins strategic 
advances for societal benefit. The scientific research at the Centre makes 
use of a wide range of disciplines in the biological and chemical sciences, 
including cell biology, computational andmathematical biology, 
biochemistry, chemistry, genetics and molecular biology. 

We are seeking to recruit at least two new Group Leaders who will run 
internationally excellent and innovative research programmes focused on 
plant or microbial systems. We are especially interested in the areas of 
plant response to the environment, plant cell biology or plant growth and 
development. One of the appointments will be as part of the Earth and Life 
Systems Alliance (www.elsa.ac.uk&lt;http://www.elsa.ac.uk&gt;), a collaborative 
project with the University of East Anglia. For this we are interested in 
plant biologists linking mechanistic with evolutionary and ecological 
understanding. 

Appointments can be made at any level dependent on the candidate's 
experience with a tenure-track system for junior faculty. Research support 
and excellent laboratory facilities are available. 

Application forms and further information can be obtained from 
http://jobs.jic.ac.uk or Human Resources, The Operations Centre, Norwich 
Bioscience Institutes, Norwich, NR4 7UH, UK, 01603 450462 quoting reference 
1002169. Please apply on-line by March 20th 2012 via the JIC web-site 
including CV, names of three academic referees, statements of current and 
future research plans. 

The John Innes Centre is grant-aided by the Biotechnology and Biological 
Science Research Council and is an Equal Opportunities Employer. 