Two three-year postdoctoral positions are available at the John Innes
Centre, to work on a collaborative systems biology project that involves the
labs of Robert Sablowski (JIC), Enrico Coen (JIC), Andrew Bangham (UEA), Jan
Traas (ENS-Lyon), Christophe Godin (INRIA-Montpellier) and François Parcy
(INRA-Grenoble). The aims of the project are to produce quantitative models
of floral organ growth at the cellular and whole-organ levels, and to
investigate how growth parameters change in response to manipulation of
floral homeotic genes.
 
The candidate to join the Coen group
(http://www.jic.ac.uk/STAFF/enrico-coen/) will establish gene-based models
for floral morphogenesis through a combination of experimental analysis and
computer modelling in close collaboration with the Bangham group. The
candidate joining the group of Robert Sablowski
(http://www.jic.ac.uk/STAFF/robert-sablowski/sablowski.htm) will use growth
models to analyse the developmental changes directed by floral homeotic
genes, in close collaboration with the Traas group (for modelling at the
cellular level) and Coen/Bangham groups (for modelling at the whole-organ
level).  A PhD in molecular biology, genetics or related subject is required
for both positions; experience in plant development, genetics, advanced
imaging techniques and computer programming will be advantageous.
 
For both candidates, creativity and intellectual independence are essential,
and proven ability to write scientific papers is desirable. The candidates
must be available to travel to international meetings and for short visits
to collaborating labs abroad.
 
To apply, please send a CV and personal statement to
Robert.sablowski@bbsrc.ac.uk <mailto:Robert.sablowski@bbsrc.ac.uk> , quoting
job reference 1001676.The closing date for applications is 5 December 2007.
 
