Tenure-track Assistant Professor 
Institute of Plant Science and Resources (IPSR), Okayama University, Japan 

Applications are invited for a TENURE-TRACK ASSISTANT PROFESSOR position 
beginning in fiscal year 2011 (from April, 2011 or later) at the Institute 
of Plant Science and Resources, Okayama University. The tenure-track 
position is a five-year appointment. The successful candidate will be 
promoted to Associate Professor according to our examination criteria. The 
successful candidate will join the Innovative Research Group, whose members 
include a group leader (Director of the Institute) and a mentor faculty 
member (not yet appointed) who works on the research area relevant to the 
successful candidate. 

The Innovative Research Group is a new research group within the Research 
Core for Future Crops, which was created by the reorganization of the 
Institute in April, 2010. We are seeking candidates who will conduct 
innovative and interactive studies in fields including Plant Genetic 
Resources and Plant Stress Science, which are two main research areas of the 
Institute (<http://www.rib.okayama-u.ac.jp/pageE/researchgroupE.html> 
http://www.rib.okayama-u.ac.jp/pageE/researchgroupE.html). Because the 
Institute is affiliated with the Graduate School of Natural Science and 
Technology, the successful candidate is expected to conduct teaching and 
supervision of graduate students at Okayama University. 

Applications should be made using the form provided at < 
http://www.rib.okayama-u.ac.jp/index.html> 
http://www.rib.okayama-u.ac.jp/index.html. All application materials should 
be sent, in hard copy form, to Professor Minoru Murata, Director, Institute 
of Plant Science and Resources, Okayama University, 2-20-1 Chuo, Kurashiki 
710-0046, Japan, by February 25, 2011. Application by e-mail is not 
acceptable. 
