RESEARCH SCIENTIST position: The Arabidopsis Biological Resource Center 
(ABRC) at The Ohio State University seeks candidates for an Associate 
Director at this international seed and DNA stock center for the model 
plant, Arabidopsis thaliana.  ABRC acquires, preserves and distributes 
diverse seed and DNA stocks to the research community on a large scale. An 
individual with a Ph. D. degree and training and research experience in 
plant molecular biology and genetics is sought for a permanent full-time 
position administering diverse aspects of this operation. Duties include 
supervision of senior staff and working with the ABRC Director and senior 
staff to formulate plans for the Center’s operation. The hiree would also 
work with Director and senior staff to write reports, prepare presentations 
and write grant applications. Other duties: answering email inquires on the 
nature and distribution details of stocks distributed by the Center, 
investigating sources for new stocks of the collection, collaborating with 
the Director to solicit donations, working with senior staff to write stock 
descriptions for a Web-based relational public database and taking the lead 
in coordinating ABRC tasks associated with maintenance and updating of the 
database. 
 
OSU is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer. Women and minority 
candidates are encouraged to apply. 
 
To assure consideration, please apply by December 14, 2008 by visiting the 
University's career web site at www.jobsatosu.com and searching by 
requisition #342504.  Questions regarding the position can be directed to 
Randy Scholl, Chair, Search Committee and scholl.1@osu.edu
