Ph.D. position in Plant Molecular Biology

The Schrick lab is seeking candidates to fill a Ph.D. studentship in the
Division of Biology at Kansas State University to begin in the Fall of
2010. We are studying the role of plant sterols in growth and
development with an emphasis on metabolic regulatory networks. Our
research is divided into two areas using Arabidopsis and Pisum sativum
as model systems. One involves the study of candidate
lipid/sterol-binding domains that are found in plant-specific
homeodomain transcription factors. The other focus area is on the role
of steryl glucosides in cellulose synthesis. Work in our laboratory is
interdisciplinary, and will involve close interactions with the Kansas
Lipidomics Research Center as well as with the Biotechnology/Proteomics
Core Lab, Bioinformatics Center, Integrated Genomics Facility, and
Ecological Genomics Institute at Kansas State University. For more
information on the Schrick lab see
http://www.k-state.edu/biology/faculty_pages/schrick.html. Additional
information on the Ph.D. program in Biology at Kansas State University
can be found at http://www.k-state.edu/biology/graduate.html. Qualified
applicants should submit an email message (with "Ph.D. position" in the
subject line) containing a cover letter, academic transcript from
relevant undergraduate degree, and CV, including contact information for
three academic references, to kschrick@ksu.edu by November 30, 2009. 
