RESEARCH TECHNICIAN, PLANT MOLECULAR BIOLOGY  
 
There is an opening for a research assistant/technician in the Schrick  
lab in the Division of Biology at Kansas State University. The  
technician will participate in ongoing research projects in the area of  
plant molecular biology and will additionally serve as laboratory  
manager. Specific job tasks will include basic molecular biology work  
(DNA/RNA extraction, PCR, Western blotting, etc.), greenhouse/growth  
chamber work with Arabidopsis and peas, ordering and tracking of  
supplies and reagents, and participation in the training of students.  
Minimum requirements include a B.S. or B.A. degree in biology,  
biochemistry, or related field, 1-2 years experience with molecular  
biology techniques, basic computer skills (e.g., word processing and  
spreadsheets), and familiarity with, or willingness to learn, basic  
greenhouse/growth chamber plant care. For additional information contact  
Kathrin Schrick at kschrick@ksu.edu.  
 
To apply, provide a cover letter and CV in an email message to  
kschrick@ksu.edu, using the header "Research assistant position". In  
addition, arrange for two letters of recommendation to be sent to same  
email address or to the mail address provided below. Review of  
applications will begin August 1, 2009, and continue until the position  
is filled. Kansas State University is an equal opportunity employer.  
Background check is required.  
 
 
Kathrin Schrick  
Division of Biology  
116 Ackert Hall  
Kansas State University  
Manhattan, KS 66506-4901  
Tel: 785-532-6360  
Website: http://www.k-state.edu/biology/faculty_pages/schrick.html
