Ph.D. position in Plant Molecular Biology 

The Schrick lab is seeking candidates to fill a Ph.D. studentship in the 
Division of Biology at Kansas State University to begin in the Fall of 
2011. We are studying the role of plant sterols in growth and 
development with an emphasis on metabolic regulatory networks.Our 
research is divided into two areas using /Arabidopsis/ and /Pisum 
sativum/ as model systems.One involves the study of candidate 
lipid/sterol-binding domains that are found in plant-specific 
homeodomain transcription factors.The other focus area is on the role of 
sterols and steryl glucosides in cellulose synthesis.Work in our 
laboratory is interdisciplinary, and will involve interactions with the 
Kansas Lipidomics Research Center as well as with the 
Biotechnology/Proteomics Core Lab, Bioinformatics Center, Integrated 
Genomics Facility, and Ecological Genomics Institute at Kansas State 
University.For more information see 
http://www.k-state.edu/schricklab/Schrick_Lab/Welcome.html.A link to the 
Ph.D. program in Biology at Kansas State University can be found at 
http://www.k-state.edu/biology/graduate.html.Qualified applicants should 
submit an email message (with "Ph.D. position" in the subject line) 
containing a cover letter, academic transcript from relevant 
undergraduate degree, GRE scores, and CV, including contact information 
for three academic references, to kschrick@ksu.edu 
