Postdoctoral Position Available

A postdoctoral associate position is available in the School of Plant 
Sciences at the University of Arizona to participate in a research project 
that focuses on understanding the molecular evolution and function of genes 
and associated networks that control plant adaptation to soil salinity. The 
build-up of salt in agricultural soils is a widespread problem that limits 
the growth and yield of important crop species worldwide. Genetic variation 
for plant growth in salinity (salt tolerance) exists; however, little is 
known about the genes and pathways underlying this variation. Our studies 
involve phylogenetic surveys and comparative genomics within the 
Brassicaceae to assess the evolutionary forces acting on plant adaptation to 
salinity, mapping and isolation of genes that underlie natural variation for 
salt tolerance with screens of Arabidopsis accessions, and molecular genetic 
analyses of the functions of altered or novel alleles identified. 

Preference will be given to a highly motivated, enthusiastic, and 
independent candidate with a Ph.D. and a strong background in genomics 
and/or evolutionary biology and training in molecular genetics and molecular 
biology. Demonstrated written and oral communication skills and an ability 
to interact and work collaboratively with others are essential 
qualifications. The position is available May 1, 2011. 

To apply, applicants should send a CV, a letter stating specific research 
interests, a summary of research accomplishments and future research 
objectives, and the names and contact information (address, phone, and 
e-mail) for three references to Karen Schumaker, Ph.D. 
(schumake@ag.arizona.edu), School of Plant Sciences, University of Arizona, 
Tucson, Arizona 85721-0036. The University of Arizona is an EEO/AA 
Employer-M/W/D.V. 

