ASSISTANT PROFESSOR, DEVELOPMENTAL BIOLOGY 
 
ILLINOIS STATE UNIVERSITY 
 
A tenure-track faculty position in DEVELOPMENTAL BIOLOGY is available in the 
Department of Biological Sciences at Illinois State University, Normal, IL 
(www.bio.ilstu.edu <http://www.bio.ilstu.edu/> ).  We seek a scientist using 
molecular, cellular, and genetic approaches to investigate fundamental 
mechanisms of development in multicellular organisms. The successful 
candidate will be part of a diverse department that is home to 25 faculty 
members, over 500 undergraduates, 85 M.S. and Ph.D. students and 
postdoctoral fellows. Candidates that enhance existing research strengths 
within the department are especially encouraged to apply.  Those strengths 
include cell signaling, cytoskeleton, tissue patterning and morphogenesis, 
neurobiology, and plant biology/bioenergy.  The successful candidate is 
expected to develop a competitive, extramurally funded research program. 
Teaching responsibilities will include a course in developmental biology. 
Ph.D. and postdoctoral experience are required.  To assure full 
consideration, send the following as hard copies or as pdfs by email: cover 
letter, CV, three recommendation letters, 3-5 reprints, and a statement of 
research goals to:  Dr. John Sedbrook, Developmental Biology Search 
Committee, Campus Box 4120, Illinois State University, Normal, IL 
61790-4120; (jcsedbr@ilstu.edu).  Review of applications will begin on Oct. 
26, 2008. Preferred start date of Aug. 16, 2009.  Illinois State University 
is an Equal Opportunity University encouraging diversity.
