PhD position: Adaptive significance of regulatory changes in plants 

A four-year PhD position is available at Uppsala University, Sweden, in a 
Swedish Research Council funded project concerning regulatory evolution in 
plants. 

Changes in gene regulation have long been hypothesized to underlie adaptive 
phenotypic evolution. In this project, we aim to test this hypothesis and 
quantify the impact of natural selection on regulatory sequences. The main 
study system will be the genus Capsella (Brassicaceae), which offers an 
excellent opportunity to test hypotheses on regulatory evolution in a 
setting where the timeframe of speciation is well characterized (e.g. Foxe, 
Slotte et al. 2009. PNAS 106: 5241-5245; Guo et al. 2009. PNAS 106: 
5246-5251). The project will benefit from the forthcoming Capsella rubella 
genome sequence and will involve a strong component of population genetic 
analysis and gene expression studies using next-generation sequencing data 
that we will generate. 

Within this project, we have an opening for a PhD student with a strong 
background in evolutionary/population genetics and good computational 
skills. Experience of large-scale sequence/gene expression analysis and 
basic molecular genetic work/plant experimental work is beneficial, but 
training can also be provided. The position can start in the fall of 2011. 

The student will be based at the Department of Evolutionary Biology ( 
http://www.ebc.uu.se/Research/IEG/evbiol/) at Uppsala University, in the 
group of Tanja Slotte ( 
http://www.ebc.uu.se/Research/IEG/evbiol/research/Slotte/). We are located 
in the Evolutionary Biology Centre (see http://www.ebc.uu.se/Research/), 
which forms an exciting arena for multidisciplinary research in evolutionary 
biology. Graduate students can benefit from a centre-wide graduate school ( 
http://www.ebc.uu.se/education/postgrad/gradschool/). 

Uppsala is a vibrant small Swedish city that offers rich opportunities in 
cultural and outdoor activities and is strongly influenced by the 40 000 
students living there. Sweden's capital Stockholm is less than an hour's 
train ride away. 

How to apply: Please send a CV, a statement of research interests including 
motivation for PhD studies and for this topic (1-2 pages) and the names and 
contact details of at least two references, preferably in a single pdf file 
to Tanja Slotte (Tanja.Slotte@ebc.uu.se). 
Please feel free to contact Tanja Slotte (Tanja.Slotte@ebc.uu.se) for more 
information. 
