Two graduate research assistantship (assistantship + reduced tuition)
positions (one Ph.D, one M.S) are open in Dr. Subramanian's lab<
http://www.sdstate.edu/index/directory/directory-detail.cfm?view=detail&ci=2579>
in the Department of Plant science, SDSU, Brookings, SD to qualified and
motivated candidates.

Symbiotic root nodule formation in legumes (bean-family of plants) is a
fascinating example of a beneficial plant-microbe interaction. Nodules
capable of fixing atmospheric nitrogen result from the interaction between
legumes and rhizobia bacteria in the soil. Plants activate a multitude of
signaling pathways both at the cellular level and whole plant level upon
recognition of a compatible rhizobial species, leading to a sequence of
physiological events ultimately resulting in functional nodules. My lab's
research interests include studying the exchange of signal molecules between
the plants and rhizosphere microbes (Subramanian et al., 2004<
http://www.springerlink.com/content/k253380476772417/&gt;, 2006<
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/journal/118565225/abstract&gt;, 2007<
http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.tplants.2007.06.006&gt;; Zhang et al., 2008<
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/journal/121404218/abstract&gt;),
understanding the role of microRNAs<http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MicroRNA>
in regulating auxin action during nodule development (Subramanian et al.,
2008<http://www.biomedcentral.com/1471-2164/9/160&gt;) and studying signaling
mechanisms governing nodule and lateral root development. My lab is
interested in studying the symbiotic interaction between soybean and
Bradyrhizobium japonicum as a model system. The recent completion of soybean
genome<http://www.phytozome.net/soybean.php> sequencing and the importance
of soybean as a major crop in the United States make it an attractive model
to study nodule development and rhizobial symbiosis. In addition to the
enhancement of scientific knowledge and scholarship, this research has
economic and environmental benefits since symbiotic nitrogen fixation in
legume root nodules alleviates the use of chemical fertilizers.

If interested in graduate student opportunities in the lab, please send me a
detailed CV, statement of research interests and contact details (phone,
email) for at least two professional references. For information about
graduate studies in the Department of plant science, SDSU see these links:
Plant Science graduate program<http://www.sdstate.edu/ps/grad/index.cfm&gt;,
SDSU graduate school<http://www.sdstate.edu/admissions/graduate/index.cfm>.
International students see additional admission requirements<
http://www.sdstate.edu/admissions/graduate/admission-requirements.cfm>.

Sen Subramanian
Email: Senthil.Subramanian@sdstate.edu
Phone: 605-688-5623
Fax: 605-688-4452

