Senior scientist or postdoctoral position in plant development at the RIKEN 
Plant Science Center 
 
A senior scientist or postdoctoral position is available immediately in the 
laboratory of Dr Keiko Sugimoto at the RIKEN Plant Science Center, Yokohama, 
Japan. The Sugimoto Lab has recently identified a novel SUMO E3 ligase HIGH 
PLOIDY 2 and a trihelix transcription factor GTL1 as a key regulator of 
plant cell growth (see Ishida et al 2009, Plant Cell online published; 
Breuer et al 2009, Plant Cell online published). The successful candidate 
will join the multidisciplinary research programme to elucidate how these 
regulatory proteins mediate plant growth and development using Arabidopsis 
as a model system. For further information on our research programme, please 
see our lab website (http://labs2.psc.riken.jp/cfru/English/index.html). 
 
Applications should have a PhD with a strong background in molecular 
biology, genetics and cell biology/biochemistry. Special preferences are 
given to candidates with a prior research experience in plant developmental 
biology. A senior scientist should have 5-year-research experience as a 
postdoctoral scientist in related disciplines. Initial appointment is until 
March 2010 and the position is renewable up to 2013 depending on 
satisfactory performance. For further information on these posts, please see 
the RIKEN website 
(http://www.riken.jp/engn/r-world/info/recruit/index.html). 
 
RIKEN Plant Science Center is one of the leading research institutes in 
plant biology in Japan. The Center is part of the RIKEN Yokohama Institute 
(http://www.yokohama.riken.jp/english/index.html) which offers 
state-of-the-art core facilities in transcriptome, proteome and metabolome 
analyses. 
 
To apply for the post, please send by email (a) cover letter describing your 
research interests and previous research experiences, (b) CV, (c) list of 
publications, (d) a reference letter to Keiko Sugimoto 
(sugimoto@psc.riken.jp). 

