PostDoc Position Available at U of Minnesota, Twin Cities 

Applicants are invited for a postdoctoral position in the laboratory of Dr. 
Min Ni at the University of Minnesota, starting date soon or negotiable. 
Experience in molecular and cellular biology, genetics, and biochemistry 
will be a plus. Our lab is currently focused on two separate research 
areas: light-regulated de-etiolation and stomatal opening response and 
Arabidopsis seed development. We have identified and characterized a few 
key regulators involved in these processes. We aim to study their actions 
and interactions with other components in these signaling pathways by using 
a variety of tools in molecular genetics, molecular biology, and 
biochemistry. The successful applicant will also have an opportunity to 
characterize a few more mutants, to clone the mutated genes from these 
mutants, and to identify additional components in the systems. For further 
information, please visit our web site 
(http://www.cbs.umn.edu/plantbio/faculty/NiMin/). The University of 
Minnesota at twin cities provides excellent research facilities and 
educational opportunities (http://www.cbs.umn.edu/biodale/). Diverse 
cultural and recreational activities are easily accessible around the 
Minneapolis/St. Paul "Twin Citiesâ" area 
(http://www.exploreminnesota.com/home.aspx). To apply, please send, by 
e-mail, letter of application, curriculum vitae, and names of three 
references (including address, phone, and email address) to 
nixxx008@tc.umn.edu. Min Ni, Department of Plant Biology, 250 Biosci 
Center, 1445 Gortner Avenue, University of Minnesota, St. Paul, MN 55108 
(Phone: 612-625-3702). The University of Minnesota is an equal 
opportunities employer. 

