Postdoctoral Fellow

microRNA-guided gene regulation in plants and animals

 

Oklahoma State University

Dept. of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology

 
 
JOB DESCRIPTION:

Regulation of gene expression at the transcriptional level plays a central role 
and determines developmental and physiological processes in eukaryotes.  The 
importance of posttranscriptional gene regulation has been only recognized 
recently with the discovery of microRNAs (miRNAs) and small-interfering RNAs 
(siRNAs).  These small RNAs are products of the Dicer family of enzymes. 
Research in my laboratory is directed to identify and understand the roles of 
endogenous small RNAs (microRNAs and small-interfering RNAs) in plant and animal 
development as well as in stress responses. A postdoctoral position is available 
for an individual interested in a project focused on miRNAs in plants and 
animals [Sunkar and Zhu, Plant Cell, 16, 2001-2019, 2004; Sunkar et al., Plant 
Cell 17, 1397-1411, 2005; Sunkar et al., Plant Cell 18, 2051-2065, 2006; Sunkar 
et al., Trends Plant Sci., 12, 301-309. 2007].  The successful candidate will 
work on identification and characterization of miRNAs and their target genes in 
Arabidopsis/rice and in animals. Experience in rice transformation and mapping 
mutants will be a plus. Applicants should have a PhD with a strong background in 
molecular biology and genetics. The successful candidate should possess good 
oral and written communication skills and the ability to work independently. 
This is a full-time, 11 month non-tenure track position. Initial appointment 
will be for one year but is renewable upon satisfactory progress and continued 
funding. Review of applications will begin on October 30th.
To apply, send your CV and a list of contact details of three professional 
references to 
 
Dr. Ramanjulu Sunkar, Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology,
246 Noble Research Center, Oklahoma State University, Stillwater, OK 74078-3035.
Email:  rsunkar@biochem.okstate.edu. 





