 ------------------- 
 Postdoctoral Fellow 
 ------------------- 
 A two-year postdoctoral position (with the possibility of extension) 
studying the control of cell fate during vascular development in 
Arabidopsis is available in the group of Dr. Thomas Greb at the Gregor 
Mendel Institute (GMI), Vienna, Austria. The envisaged start date is 
November 2008. 
 
 Our recently established group uses vascular tissue development in 
Arabidopsis as an example for cell specification and tissue formation in 
higher organisms. We seek to understand the molecular mechanisms 
regulating the establishment and maintenance of specific gene expression 
profiles in the highly diverse repertoire of cell types within the 
vascular tissue mainly focussing on the cambium. Our group is located at 
the newly founded GMI, which provides a stimulating research atmosphere 
embedded in the attractive scientific environment of the Vienna 
Biocenter. For more information about our group and the GMI, please 
consult http://www.gmi.oeaw.ac.at/. 
 
 Successful applicants should be highly motivated, be capable of 
working independently, have hands-on experience with Arabidopsis as a 
model organism and be prepared to assume responsibilities for 
co-workers. Experience in some or all of the following disciplines is 
desirable: plant development, genetics, molecular biology and/or 
biochemistry. 
 
 Please send your application including a cover letter describing your 
motivation, CV and contact details for two referees by 22nd September to 
Dr. Thomas Greb, GMI - Gregor Mendel Institute of Molecular Plant 
Biology GmbH, Dr. Bohr-Gasse 3, 1030 Vienna, Austria or by e-mail: 
thomas.greb@gmi.oeaw.ac.at.
