Bioinformatics Analyst 
 
Requisition Code: 
 
PLAN688 
 
Location: 
 
Rockville, Maryland 
 
Department: 
 
Plant Genomics 
 
Schedule: 
 
Full Time 
 
 
 
 
 
Job Responsibilities: The Bioinformatics Analyst will work on the 
curation and annotation of the M. truncatula genome sequence. 
Responsibilities will include design and maintenance of web pages 
providing access to Medicago genome sequence and annotation and 
associated data, including outreach to the users through a community 
annotation portal. The ideal candidate will have hands-on research 
experience in Medicago genomics and demonstrated competence in 
bioinformatics including Perl, SQL, HTML and cgi-scripting. 
 
Qualifications: Successful candidates will have a Bachelor's or Master's 
degree in the Biological Sciences, plus experience working with 
computers in the field of biological sciences and a familiarity with DNA 
sequence and annotation tools and practices. Candidates will also have a 
demonstrated competence in appropriate computer languages including 
Perl, SQL, HTML and cgi-scripting; web technologies including HTML, 
DHTML, XML, CSS; Graphics tools including Photoshop, Fireworks or 
similar; Operating Systems including UNIX and UNIX variants, Windows, 
and/or Macintosh; Relational Database including knowledge of Sybase and 
SQL. The Bioinformatics Analyst will have a solid knowledge of molecular 
biology as it relates to DNA sequences, sequencing technologies and 
genomics. Strong written and verbal communication skills, excellent 
organization and time management skills, ability to meet schedules, the 
ability to collaborate across a multi-disciplinary team, and work 
independently is a must. 
 
 
 
You can apply through the JCVI web site; the position is listed under 
Plant Genomics. 
 
https://careers.jcvi.org/careers/ 

