Postdoctoral position available, UV-B Perception and Signalling, University 
of Geneva, Switzerland 



Applications are invited for a postdoctoral position to study mechanisms of 
UV-B perception and signalling in the laboratory of Roman Ulm at the 
University of Geneva, Switzerland. Our group has a strong interest in early 
UV-B photoreceptor-mediated events regulating UV-B-induced 
photomorphogenesis and acclimation in plants (for more information on our 
group please see www.unige.ch/sciences/biologie/bioveg/ulm/ and three 
selected publications listed below). We explore state-of-the-art methods in 
molecular biology, molecular genetics, biochemistry and cell biology to 
identify the molecular identities and functions of key factors involved in 
this process. This project will focus on biochemical analysis of the UV-B 
photoreceptor UVR8 and its early signalling mechanism. 



We are looking for talented new team members. The successful candidate is 
highly motivated, has a strong interest in photobiology and demonstrated 
expertise in biochemistry (publication record). 



Please send a motivation letter, your CV, and contact details of 2-3 
references by e-mail to Roman Ulm ( <mailto:roman.ulm@unige.ch> 
roman.ulm@unige.ch) 



Review of applications will begin immediately and applications will be 
accepted until the position is filled. 



Three Selected Publications: 

Rizzini et al. (2011) Perception of UV-B by the Arabidopsis UVR8 protein. 
Science 332: 103-106. 

Gruber et al. (2010) Negative feedback regulation of UV-B-induced 
photomorphogenesis and stress acclimation in Arabidopsis. Proc. Natl. Acad. 
Sci. USA 107: 20132-20137. 

Favory et al. (2009) Interaction of COP1 and UVR8 regulates UV-B-induced 
photomorphogenesis and stress acclimation in Arabidopsis. EMBO J. 28: 
591-601. 