The following postdoc position is open in my lab.

The Western Regional Research Center, Genomics & Gene Discovery Research Unit, 
Albany, CA is seeking a temporary full-time research affiliate position to 
develop a population of sequence-indexed insertional mutants in the model grass 
Brachypodium distachyon. Brachypodium is rapidly emerging as a model system and 
the complete genome sequence will be available shortly. This project to develop 
community resources is part of a 3 year grant funded by the US Department of 
Energy. The incumbent will work closely with a group of Brachypodium researchers 
working in several areas including: complete genome sequencing, physical 
mapping, high-density SNP mapping, chemical mutagenesis, evaluation of new 
germplasm and proteomics. The mutant population will also be screened for 
phenotypes relevant to biomass production. The ultimate goal of the lab is to 
gain the knowledge necessary to optimize grasses for use as an alternative, 
environmentally friendly source of fuel. A minimum of a Master's degree in 
molecular biology or related biological science is required. Knowledge of 
plants, transposons and tissue culture are desirable. Salary will be competitive 
and commensurate with experience. U.S. citizenship is required. For more 
information please contact Dr. John Vogel at 510-559-6117 or 
<mailto:jvogel@pw.usda.gov>jvogel@pw.usda.gov  To apply please send a CV and 
contact information for three references to Dr. John Vogel at 
<mailto:jvogel@pw.usda.gov>jvogel@pw.usda.gov.  The position is open until 
filled. USDA/ARS is an equal opportunity employer and provider.

