Postdoctoral position grass cell wall 
 
U.C. Berkeley is seeking a highly motivated 
postdoctoral researcher to study the grass cell 
wall using the model grass Brachypodium 
distachyon. This position is part of a 
collaborative project between U.C. Berkeley, the 
USDA Western Regional Research Center and the 
Joint Bioenergy Institute (one of the newly 
formed DOE bioenergy research centers). It is 
anticipated that the incumbent’s time will be 
split  between the Western Regional Research 
Center and the Joint Bioenergy Institute. The 2 
year project involves identifying mutants altered 
in cell wall digestibility using a novel 
fermentation screen and then characterizing the 
mutants to determine how the cell wall has been 
altered. The ultimate goal is to gain an 
understanding of the genes responsible for the 
biosynthesis of the grass cell wall and how those 
genes affect the conversion of biomass into 
ethanol. This knowledge will be used to design 
rational strategies for the improvement of 
emerging energy crops like switchgrass and 
Miscanthus. A Ph.D. in molecular biology or a 
related biological science is required.  Prior 
experience with plant cell walls is highly 
desirable. Salary will be competitive and 
commensurate with experience. For more 
information please contact Dr. John Vogel at 
510-559-6117 or 
<mailto:jvogel@pw.usda.gov>jvogel@pw.usda.gov  To 
apply please send a CV and contact information 
for three references to Dr. John Vogel at 
<mailto:jvogel@pw.usda.gov>jvogel@pw.usda.gov. 
The position is open until filled. 
 

