Postdoc position

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), Agricultural Research Service 
(ARS), Pacific West Area is seeking highly qualified candidates for a 
temporary full-time Research Affiliate for the Western Regional Research 
Center, Genomics & Gene Discovery Research Unit in Albany, CA. Salary Range 
of $56,172-$73,019. The incumbent will develop a population of 
sequence-indexed insertional mutants in the model grass *Brachypodium 
distachyon. *This project to develop community resources is part of a 
3-year grant funded by the U.S. Dept. of Energy to expand our T-DNA 
collection. Please visit our website for background information 
http://brachypodium.pw.usda.gov/. The incumbent will work closely with a 
group of *Brachypodium *researchers working in several areas including 
natural diversity (resequencing and phenomics) and the characterization of 
cell wall mutants. The T-DNA population will also be screened for 
phenotypes relevant to biomass production. The ultimate goal of the lab is 
to gain the knowledge necessary to optimize grasses for use as an 
alternative, environmentally friendly source of fuel. A Ph.D. in molecular 
biology or related biological science is required. Knowledge of plants and 
tissue culture are desirable. Applicants must be either U.S. citizens or 
from a country with defense agreements with the U.S. (Check our website 
http://www.afm.ars.usda.gov/hrd/jobs/VISA/Countries.htm for more details.) 
 
For more information on the position, please contact Dr. John Vogel at 
510-559-6117 or john.vogel@ars.usda.gov. To apply, print a copy of vacancy 
announcement *ARS-RF-11-001* from the USAJOBS Website and follow the 
application directions provided. 
http://jobview.usajobs.gov/GetJob.aspx?JobID=91641312&JobTitle=Molecular+Biologist+%28Research+Affiliate%29&q=RF-11-001&where=&brd=3876&vw=b&FedEmp=N&FedPub=Y&x=0&y=0&AVSDM=2010-10-22+11%3a10%3a00 
This position is open until filled or Dec. 31, 2010. *USDA/ARS is an equal 
opportunity employer and provider.* 
