The USDA, Agricultural Research Service, Western Regional Research Center in
Albany, California, is seeking a Postdoctoral Research Associate, (Research
Molecular Biologist) for a Two-Year Appointment.  Scientist will use the
model grass *Brachypodium distachyon* to identify mutants with alterations
in the cell wall that result in increased digestibility.  Knowledge gained
from mutants will contribute toward the goal of gaining knowledge necessary
to optimize grasses for use as an alternative, environmentally friendly
source of fuel.  Brachypodium is rapidly being adopted as a model system for
the grasses and numerous tools have been developed this system including
whole genome sequence, efficient transformation, T-DNA lines, etc. See
http://brachypodium.pw.usda.gov/  for more information on Brachypodium.  A
recent Ph.D. in molecular biology, genetics, or a related field is required.
Knowledge of plant cell walls, analytical techniques, and genetics are
desirable.  Citizenship restrictions apply.  A Ph.D. in Molecular Biology,
Genetics, or closely related field of study is required. Salary is
commensurate with experience ($67,963 - $ 105,897 per annum).  A
comprehensive benefits package is available.  Refer to
http://www.afm.ars.usda.gov/divisions/hrd/hrdhomepage/vacancy/pd962.html for
complete application instructions and the full text announcement
(RA-10-043-H).  Please include with your cover letter reference contacts.  For
more information contact Dr. John Vogel at 510-559-6117 or
john.vogel@ars.usda.gov.  The position is open until filled.  USDA/ARS is an
equal opportunity provider and employer.


Note, I will be available to meet with candidates at the Plant and Animal
Genome meeting in San Diego from Jan 8-13. Please reply to this email if you
would like to schedule a meeting to discuss this project.
