*Postdoctoral Position in Abiotic Stress Tolerance in Cereals*


A postdoctoral position is available in the Walia Lab at University of
Nebraska-Lincoln to study abiotic stress tolerance (drought and flooding) in
cereals crops. Current work focuses on genomic, physiological and
biochemical characterization of genes involved in abiotic stress tolerance.
The candidate will use genomics approaches (microarrays, RNA-seq etc.) in
combination with automated high-throughput phenotyping data to identify
candidate genes regulating stress tolerance. Additional opportunities may
also be available depending on individual's research interests. Applicants
must have a Ph.D. in Plant Biology, Molecular Biology, or Plant Genetics, or
a closely related field at the time hiring. The candidate must be willing to
work as part of a team in a collaborative environment. Prior experience with
gene expression analysis (RNA-seq, microarrays or real-time PCR), cloning,
vector construction, ChIP, transgenic and mutant analysis is highly
desirable. Preference will be given to candidates with evidence of
publications and strong interest in crop improvement using genetic and
functional genomics approaches. Ability to manage large-scale sequencing
data is highly desirable. Initial appointment will be for one year and is
renewable for up to 3 years. Salary is commensurate with experience and
qualifications. Interested candidate should apply by email to Dr. Harkamal
Walia (click the link for contact information http://agronomy.unl.edu/walia).
The email should include the following: (1) cover letter explaining the
research interests, (2) CV, (3) publications or in press articles, and (4)
contact information including phone numbers for at least 3 references. 
