*University of Massachusetts Amherst * 

* * 

*Tenure-Track Assistant Professor Position * 

* * 

*Computational Genomics* 

* * 

* * 

The Biology Department (www.bio.umass.edu/biology) and Commonwealth Honors 
College (www.honors.umass.edu) at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst 
invite applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor position in the 
area of *Computational Genomics*. We seek a Biologist who employs 
computational approaches to address challenging questions in the life 
sciences. Focus areas could include comparative genomics, genetic and 
epigenetic regulatory networks, statistical genetics, or other areas at the 
intersection of computer science, biology and biotechnology. We are 
particularly interested in individuals who address questions in 
developmental and/or evolutionary genomics. The candidate should have a 
demonstrated excellence in teaching and research and the potential to 
develop and maintain an extramurally funded independent research program. 
The successful candidate will teach two honors courses that serve the 
campus honors community and will be engaged in, and help to strengthen, the 
departmental honors program. A Ph.D. in Biology or a related field and 
postdoctoral experience are required. This position will start September 1, 
2013. 



Application materials should include a curriculum vita, research plan, and 
teaching statement. Applicants should also have three references letters 
sent to the address below. Evaluation of applications will begin on *October 
5, 2012* and continue until the position is filled. Application materials 
may be sent via email to:* CompBiologySearch@bio.umass.edu. *If needed, 
paper applications can be sent to: Computational Genomics Search # R44077, 
Biology Department, Attn: Zoe Crowley, 611 North Pleasant Street, 
University of Massachusetts, Amherst, MA 01003. ** 



The Biology Department provides an interactive and broad research 
environment, with faculty research spanning all levels of biological 
organization. Strong research clusters focus on nervous system development 
and function, plant biology, cell biology, functional morphology, and 
evolution. The new faculty member will have the opportunity to participate 
in strong graduate training programs in Neuroscience and Behavior ( 
www.umass.edu/neuro), Plant Biology (www.bio.umass.edu/plantbio), 
Organismal and Evolutionary Biology (www.bio.umass.edu/oeb) and Molecular 
and Cellular Biology (www.bio.umass.edu/mcb). The University is part of 
the 5 College Consortium (www.fivecolleges.edu) in the beautiful Pioneer 
Valley in Western Massachusetts, just 2 hours from Boston and 3 hours from 
New York City. 



*The University provides an intellectual environment committed to providing 
academic excellence and diversity including mentoring programs for faculty. 
The College of Natural Sciences and the Department of Biology are committed 
to increasing the diversity of the faculty, student body, and the 
curriculum. We strongly encourage women and members of minority groups to 
apply. The University of Massachusetts is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. **Positions will be filled contingent upon University 
funding.*** 