The Department of Biology at the University of Massachusetts at Amherst 
is seeking to fill three tenure-track faculty positions at the Assistant 
professor level. 
 
One position is in the area of Plant Metabolism. We are seeking a 
researcher who uses systems biology and/or functional genomic approaches 
to understanding plant metabolism. The area of research should be 
relevant to the use of plants for bioenergy, for example, carbon 
metabolism or biopolymer production by plants 
 
The researchers would be expected to participate in a broad 
multi-disciplinary initiative in Global Change Biology within the 
Department of Biology. This initiative bridges a group of faculty who 
use multiple levels of analysis to understand how rapid environmental 
changes are impacting populations and individual organisms, including: 
loss of biodiversity, rapid evolution, disruption of physiology, reduced 
agricultural outputs, and evolution of new pathogens. Postdoctoral 
experience required 
 
Applications, which should include CV, statements of research interest 
and teaching philosophy, and the names, addresses and e-mails of at 
least 3 references, should be sent to: Biology Search c/o Ms. Karen 
Nelson, Biology Department, University of Massachusetts, Amherst, MA 
01003. It is very important that you reference the position number to 
which you are applying. Positions to be filled contingent upon funding. 
The position numbers are as follows: * Ecological Physiology R32351 * 
Endocrine Disruption R32352 * Plant Metabolism R32353. Evaluation of 
applications will begin on December 10, 2007 and continue until the 
positions are filled 
 
 
The University of Massachusetts is an Affirmative Action Equal 
Opportunity Employer 
Women and members of minority groups are encouraged to apply. The 
Biology Department 
is aggressive in its efforts to hire candidates who will enhance the 
diversity and general 
balance of the faculty and the sciences. 
 
Also see the original ad in Science at: 
http://aaas.sciencecareers.org/texis/jobsearch/details.html?id=4741b8194a04620&qField
=All&qCity=01003&qSort=date&qMatch=all&pp=20&view=1&page=1
