POSTDOCTORAL POSITION IN ARABIDOPSIS & CANOLA SEED COATS

 

available at 

 

MCGILL UNIVERSITY, MONTREAL, CANADA

 

We are seeking a highly motivated individual to join a collaborative
project aimed at expressing recombinant proteins in the seed coat. This
individual will use molecular genetics to create constructs for
expression, analyze protein expression and identify seed coat specific
promoters in the mucilage secretory cells of the Arabidopsis and canola
(Brassica napus) seed coats. As the epidermal cells of the developing
seed, the mucilage secretory cells undergo a complex process of
differentiation that includes the synthesis and secretion of large
quantities of polysaccharide as well as modifying enzymes (reviewed in
Western, 2006, Can J Bot 84, 622-630; Haughn and Chaudhury, 2005, Trends
Plant Sci 10, 474-77).

 

Applicants should have proven research skills in genetics and molecular
biology, and experience in Arabidopsis or Canola genetics,
transformation and gene expression analysis is highly desirable. This
position requires excellent communication skills and is available
immediately. Applicants should have a PhD degree and relevant
experience. Interested candidates should send a cover letter outlining
their research experience and interests, a curriculum vitae, and the
names, email addresses and phone numbers of 3 referees to Dr. Tamara
Western, Biology Department, McGill University, 1205 ave. Docteur
Penfield, Montreal, QC, H3A 1B1, Canada; FAX (514) 398-5069; EMAIL
tamara.western@mcgill.ca. 

 

In accordance with Canadian immigration regulations, this advertisement
is directed in the first instance to Canadian citizens and landed
immigrants, however, all qualified candidates are strongly encouraged to
apply

 
