Subject:
[Arabidopsis] Plant Metabolism / Metabolic Engineering Assistant Professor Opening at Virginia Tech
From:
"Winkel, Brenda" <winkel@vt.edu>
Date:
Tue, 24 Oct 2006 17:12:18 -0400
To:
<arab-gen@magpie.bio.indiana.edu>

Position Description: 

The Department of Plant Pathology, Physiology & Weed Science at Virginia
Tech seek applicants for two tenure track positions in Plant Metabolism
/ Metabolic Engineering. These appointments will be at the Assistant
Professor level, although more senior applicants will also be
considered. Faculty will be housed in the newly constructed Latham Hall,
joining faculty from six other departments, whose common focus is
contemporary plant biology and its applications to biotechnology. We are
searching for creative and ambitious scientists who have potential for
collaboration with other members of the Virginia Tech life science and
engineering communities. Research focus should be on plant metabolic
engineering problems, for example in bio-design, bio-processing,
production of novel compounds, improved quality or yield of existing
plant natural products, or other value-added traits. Research goals
should include crop improvement approaches that complement core
department interests in plant response to abiotic/biotic stresses and
xenobiotics. The successful applicants are expected to develop
extramurally funded research programs that become internationally
recognized. The research programs will provide a supportive research
environment for successful education of graduate and undergraduate
students, as well as postdoctoral research associates. The successful
candidates will contribute to teaching core graduate courses in plant
biology covering plant metabolism, biochemistry, and physiology. They
will also participate in department, college, university and
professional service and outreach activities. 

QUALIFICATIONS: An earned doctorate in the Life Sciences and
postdoctoral or demonstrated equivalent experience in metabolic
engineering. The applicant should have a record of publication
indicative of the potential to establish and maintain a productive
research program.  

Virginia Tech has a strong commitment to the principles of diversity,
inclusion, and to maintaining a work and learning environment that is
free of all forms of discrimination. As a result this institution does
not tolerate discrimination or harassment on the basis of age, color,
disability, gender, national origin, political affiliation, race,
religion, sexual orientation, or veteran status. Anyone having questions
concerning discrimination should contact the Office of Equal
Opportunity.  Virginia Tech is the recipient of the National Science
Foundation ADVANCE Institutional Transformation Award to increase the
participation of women in academic science and engineering careers.

Application instructions:  Applications must be submitted on line to
posting number 061124 at https://jobs.vt.edu.  Review of applications
will begin January 1st and continue until the positions are filled.

Related website: www.ppws.vt.edu  


_______________________________________________
Arab-gen mailing list
Arab-gen@net.bio.net
http://www.bio.net/biomail/listinfo/arab-gen
