A 3 year position is available from 1 July 2007 for a post-doctoral researcher 
to join a newly established, dynamic group to study PAMP perception and 
signaling in the model plant Arabidopsis thaliana (see Zipfel et al., Cell 125: 
749-760).

 

The Sainsbury Laboratory is a charitable company of 70 research scientists and 
support staff and a world leader in plant science.  We are based on the Norwich 
Research Park and closely linked to the Gatsby Charitable Foundation, University 
of East Anglia and the John Innes Centre.

For more information visit www.Sainsbury-Laboratory.ac.uk <http://www.sainsbury-
laboratory.ac.uk/> 

 

This project will employ state-of-the-art methods in molecular biology, 
molecular genetics, biochemistry and cell biology. The successful candidate will 
have a PhD and experience in molecular, cell biological and/or biochemical 
techniques. Previous experience with plants and/or pathogens is an advantage, 
but is not essential.

 

This fixed-term position is for three years in the first instance and will be 
available from July 2007.  The salary, Grade 7 on the UEA scale, will be in the 
range £26,666 - £33,799, the appointment level reflecting qualifications, 
skills, knowledge and achievements. 

 

Informal enquiries to Dr Cyril Zipfel at cyril.zipfel@Sainsbury-Laboratory.ac.uk 
<mailto:cyril.zipfel@Sainsbury-Laboratory.ac.uk> 

 

Applicants should provide a CV, including the names and contact details of two 
referees, and a covering letter addressing the selection criteria.  Please send 
formal applications, quoting the reference number below, either by e-mail to 
SL.Personnel@Sainsbury-Laboratory.ac.uk or by post to Kim Blanchflower, HR 
Officer, The Sainsbury Laboratory, The John Innes Centre, Norwich Research Park, 
Colney, Norwich  NR4 7UH, UK.  

 

Ref NUMBER CZ01/2007            Closing date: 11th May 2007

